
<author> Lenhart, Laura R.
<title> Normative Notions of Authorship and Participation in the iSociety
<abstract> This paper addresses the role that conceptions of authorship play in governing participation in society. Following a brief review of the literature, the philosophical method of conceptual analysis is combined with historical examples to argue that conceptions of authorship have at least three universal features. First, 'authorship' demarcates certain activities and practices. Secondly, conceptions of authorship contain a normative element which is used to identify which activities and practices are constitutive. Finally, once identified those activities and practices become eligible for social, legal, and economic benefits that enable participation in the i-society.

<author> Shachaf, Pnina; Rosenbaum, Howard
<title> Online Social Reference: A Research Agenda Through a STIN Framework
<abstract> This paper suggests a research agenda for online social reference using the Socio-Technical Interaction Network (STIN) framework [21]. It addresses the need for more research on social reference, which refers to online question asking and answering services that are provided by communities of volunteers on Q&A sites. Social reference exemplifies an interesting stage of development in two information research domains: 1) information retrieval, as it combines social input into the technological challenges; 2) reference research, as it signifies a group collaborative efforts to answer questions instead of the traditional dyadic question negotiation. The proposed research agenda draws from social informatics and suggests questions that address both the social and technological factors at work on Q&A sites.

<author> Garcia-Murillo, Martha
<title> Opening to the World
<abstract> It has been well documented that corruption negatively affects economic development. The purpose of this paper is to quantify the effect that Internet access in a country has on the level of corruption by studying a cross section of a larger sample of approximately 150 countries. The paper extends the model in Vinod (1999; 2003) and includes political, economic, and technological factors that can affect the level of corruption. We also present short country case studies to illustrate how some are using the Internet in their efforts to curtail corruption.

<author> Kim, Youngseek; Zhang, Ping; Lankes, R. David
<title> Future of Information Seeking on the Internet and Web Advertising: How Can We Guide Web Advertising for Usersí Information Seeking on a Website?
<abstract> Websites have become an important source of information in our daily lives. As more people spend time on the Internet, websites have become popular media for advertising. There are three major stakeholders in Web advertising: Web ad providers, website owners, and viewers. It is important to understand the effects of Web advertising on information seeking behavior for these stakeholders. This qualitative meta-analysis provides a comprehensive picture of information seeking behavior in a Web advertising situation. Also, it gives a useful guideline for both Web ad providers and website owners on how to design and display Web ads by considering the Web adsí effectiveness and viewersí information seeking behaviors. Based on extensive empirical studies, we recommend nine suggestions on how to minimize viewersí annoyance with Web ads and how to maximize Web adsí effects on viewers. We believe that we may need to consider both Web ads providersí and viewersí perspectives in future research with a balanced view of Web ads and information seeking.

<author> Goggins, Sean P.; Erdelez, Sanda
<title> HIB & HCI: Common Interests in Different Communities
<abstract> New connections between research and practice are necessary to address human information behavior in an increasingly technologically mediated world. Socio-technical systems for encountering, finding and sharing information have become sophisticated enough to blur the boundary between human and computer, and transform important design and research questions in human computer interaction (HCI) to questions for which human information behavior research (HIB) offers a deep tradition. We sought to understand present connections between these two progressively more interrelated research areas by performing a citation analysis of prominent HIB research with the most prominent publications in the HCI field. While the conceptual affinity between the two research fields is increasingly strong, the production of ideas and the exchange of research agendas between them is weak in the citations we analyzed. We propose a number of explanations for this gap, and suggest a more activist research agenda by HIB in the realm of HCI as one potential means for bridging this gap.

<author> Hakken, David
<title> Informating in a Demi-global World
<abstract> What is the best strategy to pursue when introducing computing, to ìinformateî by creating and sharing as much information as possible, or to ìrepresentî the social processes in question so they can be manipulated and more completely controlled? In what way does the greatly increased scale of many current social processes, referred to as ìglobalization,î affect the question of basic computing strategy? This paper argues that increasing scale makes the informating strategy even more relevant. This is done by 1) presenting the case for a particular way of characterizing contemporary social formation reproduction, as demi-global; 2), illustrating the value of this characterization through analysis of the current world economic crisis; 3), making the specific case that ìinformatingî is crucial to coping with and resolving this crisis; 4), acknowledging some difficulties that informating typically encounters in the demi-global work; and 5) illustrating why informating should nonetheless demonstrate its superiority.

<author> Bach, Paula
<title> Information sharing across multiple knowledge systems in a FLOSS community
<abstract> This paper explores support for design information sharing between the distinct knowledge systems and skill sets of interactive system designers and developers. The paper focuses on the challenges of sharing information among groups of designers, developers, and users with multiple knowledge systems in the context of free/libre/open source software (FLOSS) communities. Bringing design to FLOSS communities introduces new knowledge into a solitary community of practice, and discussion ensues about how exploiting the ësymmetry of ignoranceí can enhance information sharing through design in CodePlex, an open source project hosting community website. Finally, design mockups illustrate how CodePlex serves as a boundary object supporting design information sharing across distinct knowledge systems.

<author> Weiss, Martin; Tipper, David; Hayden, Robert
<title> iSchools in developing countries: Developing a telecommunications program for the Republic of Kosovo
<abstract> This paper describes a collaborative project between the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Pristina in building a program of study in telecommunications in Kosovo. This has not only been been a notable service project for the University of Pittsburgh, it is also a way to begin extending the iSchool concept into developing economies like Kosovo.

<author> Ho, Shuyuan Mary; Metcalfe, Conrad F.
<title> Life-Cycle Thinking: What can IT do to be Green?
<abstract> Sustainability is a critical theme in transforming both our environment and our society to adapt to the rigorous demands of the future. This paper serves an educational purpose, and introduces the central concept of sustainability; life-cycle thinking. Three fundamental problems are discussed with the purpose of highlighting the importance and awareness of energy use, environmental protection, and the potential for climate change. Our current industrialized economy is highly dependent on non-renewable fossil fuels that have many negative effects on our way of life, and it will take the combined efforts of every sector of society to develop suitable alternatives. In response, this paper examines the role of information technology (IT) in assisting sustainable activities which can transform our economy, environment and society. We discuss several opportunities for change, such as innovation, new technology adoption, manufacturing, cyber-infrastructure, IT management for campus operations, and IT research into sustainability activities, etc. in the context of how information technology ñ and iSchool activities can support transformation to a green economy. In conclusion, the importance of green activities - and research into opportunities for sustainability are emphasized.

<author> Wallack, Jessica Seddon; Srinivasan, Ramesh
<title> Local-Global: Reconciling Mismatched Ontologies in Development Information Systems
<abstract> This paper extends pre-existing digital divide conceptualizations to further investigate the important issue of mismatches between the ontologies of state-created information systems and local communitiesí representation of their contexts. Comparability of data across time and place, as well as compatibility of data with state administrative needs come at a cost of information loss about the setting and individuals that policymakers are trying to impact. We argue that the reconciliation of community and state logics and framings is critical for effective engagement with communities as well as formulation and implementation of development policies. We suggest several paths toward overcoming mismatched ontologies: education and communications strategies to enable communities and states to translate across ontologies and fill in significant gaps; re-assignment of policy responsibilities to minimize information loss; and several mechanisms that would enable communities to be directly and productively engaged in developing shared ontologies.

<author> Stanton, Jeffrey M.; Fagnot, Isabelle
<title> Media Downloading, Uploading, and Sharing Among College Students
<abstract> On many occasions over recent years the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has made national headlines with its large-scale effort to launch civil suits against individuals alleged to be involved in illegal downloading of copyrighted material over the Internet including many college students. By reputation, college students are among the most active users of digital media obtained through peer-to-peer downloading and similar techniques. We conducted a three-phase study to understand student beliefs and behavior in the areas of media downloading, copyright, intellectual property ownership, and computing security. The research included a small cohort of personal interviews, an anonymous paper and pencil survey of 164 students, and a Web-based survey with 402 respondents.

<author> Xu, Heng; Gupta, Sumeet; Pan, Shi
<title> Balancing User Privacy Concerns in the Adoption of Location-Based Services: An Empirical Analysis across Pull-Based and Push-Based Applications
<abstract> Location-Based Services (LBS) bring unprecedented mobility and personalization value to nomadic individuals and hence carry great commercial potential. However, the commercial potential of LBS is obscured by the userís concerns for privacy whereby the LBS provider can misuse the confidential personal information of users and in extreme circumstances place an individual in danger or seriously jeopardize his or her social life or finances. Therefore, we study the adoption of LBS through a privacy calculus lens. Privacy calculus argues that individuals, when requested to provide personal information to corporations, perform a cost-benefit analysis to assess the outcomes they would face in return for the information, and respond accordingly. We study both pull-based and push-based LBS to have a comprehensive view of LBS adoption. The results of the study reveal that individualís privacy concerns influence their intention to adopt directly in case of push-based LBS and indirectly in case of pull-based services. The implications for theory and practice are discussed.

<author> Fallis, Don
<title> A Conceptual Analysis of Disinformation
<abstract> In this paper, the serious problem of disinformation is discussed. It is argued that, in order to deal with this problem, we first need to understand exactly what disinformation is. The philosophical method of conceptual analysis is described, and a conceptual analysis of disinformation is offered. Finally, how this analysis can help us to deal with the problem of disinformation is briefly discussed.

<author> Jarrahi, Mohammad Hossein; Sawyer, Steve
<title> Contextuality and Information Systems: how the interplay between paradigms can help
<abstract> Through this paper, we theorize on the meanings and roles of context in the study of information systems. The literatures of information systems and information science both explicitly conceptualize information systems (and there are multiple overlapping definitions). These literatures also grapple with the situated and generalizable natures of an information system. Given these shared interests and common concerns, this paper is used as a vehicle to explore the roles of context and suggests how multi-paradigmatic research ñ another shared feature of both information science and information systems scholarship ñ provides a means to carry forward more fruitful studies of information systems. We discuss the processes of reconstructed logic and logic-in-use in terms of studying information systems. We argue that what goes on in the practice of researchers, or the logic-in-practice, is typified by what we are calling the contextuality problem. In response, we envision a reconstructed logic, which is an idealization of academic practices regarding context. The logic-in-use of the field is then further explained based on two different views on context. The paper concludes by proposing a model for improving the logic-in-use for the study of information systems.

<author> Dalrymple, Prudence W.; Rogers, Michelle; An, Yuan
<title> Effect of Early Requirements Analysis and Participative Design on Staff in an Urban Health Clinic: Civic Engagement through Collaboration
<abstract> In this paper, we describe our work for the past year assisting a nurse-managed primary clinic that serves a medically-disadvantaged urban population. Building on the prior yearís work in which our team became acquainted with the mission and goals of the clinic, the community characteristics and the current challenges facing the implementation of the current HIT system, we are now engaged in a process to specify requirements for health information technology (HIT) that can support a transdisciplinary model of care. This approach takes the approach of collaborative (or, participatory) research between an academic institution's research unit and a community-based organization. Our on-going efforts at the 11th Street Clinic in Philadelphia illustrate how the iSchool at Drexel joins with the College of Nursing and Health Professions through its Institute for Healthcare Informatics in order to address the healthcare needs of one urban medically-disadvantaged community. Our work combines both civic engagement through service to the staff and (indirectly) to its patients, while at the same time providing an opportunity for inter-disciplinary faculty research.

<author> Stringer-Stanback, Kynita
<title> eGovernment & ICTs: An Examination of Spainís Information Infrastructure
<abstract> Richard Heeks defines eGovernment as, ìthe use of information and communication technologies (ICTs) to improve the activities of public sector organizationsî. eGovenment has two distinctive parts, the first, service transformation and administrative reform, and new forms of democratic participation and engagement, as the other. In other words, governments are developing systems based on ICTs to better inform their citizens and spark more democratic participation. The Internet has proven to be more than just a source of commerce and entertainment--it has also proven itself to be a new medium of communication, mobilization and interaction between citizens and their governments. The 21st century has moved the entire world closer together. Travel across the globe can happen within hours, and the Internet further shrinks the distance between cities, states, and countries. The proliferation of information on the Internet gives people more access to information, and allows them to organize and mobilize political movements. This paper will explore eGovernance in Spain and Europe. Spain will be examined within the context of its membership within the European Union and will be compared with eGovernance within other parts of Europe. This paper will also examine Spainís development of a National Information Policy. The relationship between government and commercial interests will be discussed as well. This paper will examine practices and challenges presented in other parts of the globe, specifically in ìdevelopingî nations. Finally, several strategies will be offered to address the challenges discussed. First, an examination of the development of libraries within Spain is necessary. By contextualizing the development of libraries within in Spain, the development of ICTs and eGovernment is given a foundation.

<author> Feinberg, Melanie
<title> Ethos and the Construction of a Believable Character for Information Systems
<abstract> Within information science, work on information credibility often focuses on generalized models of user assessment behavior and associated properties that mark credible information across document types, user groups, and communicative purposes. As conceptualized within the field of rhetoric, however, ethos, or a form of persuasive appeal that centers around a speakerís believability, is situational. A speaker generates ethos within a particular text by constructing a character that aligns with the values of a selected audience for a specific rhetorical event. In this paper, I define ethos and contrast it with ideas of credibility from information science. I then illustrate how information systems generate ethos by analyzing two schemes for organizing information, the Womenís Thesaurus and the DrugSense newsbot concept dictionary, showing how these two schemes use different strategies to build ethos with different audiences. I conclude by discussing how rhetorical concepts such as ethos can help illuminate the ways in which information systems function as communicative devices, and how this understanding might facilitate system design. As social software continues to proliferate, and the division blurs between user and designer, between content consumer and content provider, research on the expressive potential of information systems seems particularly apt.

<author> Day, Ronald E.; Ma, Lai
<title> Examining Social and Technological Research in Library and Information Science
<abstract> In this paper we employ a philosophical-historical approach toward understanding (Library and) Information Science as both a social and a technological science. We do this, via Martin Heideggerís works, by returning to the etymological roots of technique and technology, the Ancient Greek term techne, and through this we see how this term has been diametrically characterized in the Western philosophical tradition. We propose an account of socio-technical and technological causality that explains (L)IS technical and technological research in terms of cultural-social, as well as material and professional, affordances, rather than as determinative causation. Our argument aims not only to contribute an understanding of the role of social and technological research in the field, but also to begin a critique of some quantitative and qualitative research in the field.

<author> Weiss, Martin
<title> The FCCís ìWhite Spacesî decision and its implications for iSchools
<abstract> New technologies can have a significant impact on what we teach and what we do in an iSchool. In this paper, I describe how a new infrastructure option has emerged for information systems and services. The FCCís ìWhite Spacesî decision involved a large segment of what used to be the NII (National Information Infrastructure) community, a community of considerable affinity to iSchools. In this paper, I argue that this decision is of broad interest to iSchools because: (1) it is a case study that highlights how policy decisions and technology developments interact with each other and (2) many aspects of the follow-up to this decision fall squarely in the domain of iSchools, from the development of white space devices, to building systems to utilize these devices, to building information services to communities that are currently underserved.

<author> Mathiesen, Kay
<title> Access to Information as a Human Right
<abstract> Using the methods of philosophical analysis and argumentation, this paper delineates and defends the claim that access to information is a fundamental human right. A number of key distinctions and concepts are explained and clarified. The classic Hohfeldian (1919) analysis of rights is presented, making clear the important distinctions between privilege, liberty, and welfare rights. Human rights are placed within this framework and their moral foundation is articulated. The fundamental value of access to information is explained and defended. It is argued that public libraries play an important role in satisfying the human right to access.

<author> He, Shaoyi
<title> Overcoming Language Barriers on Library Websites: Challenges and Opportunities
<abstract> In this paper, we investigate the issues related to language barriers on library websites, focusing on the websites of the 50 state libraries and the library websites of the top 50 cities in the United States. The opportunities as well as challenges brought up by language barriers are also discussed with an emphasis on multilingual access to the contents and services provided on the library websites. Future research directions are outlined with some recommendations for conducting a content analysis on multilingual access to library websites in a larger scale.

<author> Bradley, Jana; Fulton, Bruce; Helm, Marly
<title> Shifting Boundaries of Book Authorship, Publishing, Discovery, and Audience in an I-Society
<abstract> This paper reports an empirical exploration of authors who act as publishers for their own books. It is part of a larger effort by a research team at the School of Information Resources and Library Science at the University of Arizona, whose agenda is to study the shifting boundaries book of authorship, publishing, discovery, audience, and roles of libraries in an i-society. In addition to the three team members cited as authors, there are other members who participated in data gathering, acknowledged at the end of the paper, and still others not directly involved in this study but who are or will be working on related projects. We consider the issue of shifting boundaries of book authorship, publishing, discovery, audience, and relevance to libraries as one of the major emerging themes in the iSociety, and one which is sometimes ignored in the face of newer, and also interesting, genres of publishing, such as blogs, ezines and websites for sharing authored materials. It is possible that the team will extend its interest to these genres, at some point, but for now we are focused on understanding these shifting boundaries in relation to the genre we know of as a book, and the changing patterns for its creation, production and movement in society.

<author> Ho, Shuyuan Mary
<title> A Socio-Technical Approach to Theorizing on Perceptions of Trustworthiness in Virtual Organizations
<abstract> This paper presents a socio-technical study about perceptions of human trustworthiness as a key component for countering insider threats in virtual collaborative context. This study focuses on understanding how anomalous behavior can be detected by observers in a close social network. While human observations are fallible, this study adopts the concept of human-observed changes in behavior as analogous to ìsensorsî on a computer network. Using online team-based game-playing, this study seeks to re-create realistic situations in which human sensors have the opportunity to observe changes in the behavior of a focal individual ñ in this case a team leader. Four sets of experimental situations are created to test hypotheses. Results of this study may lead to the development of semi-automated or fully-automated behavioral detection systems that attempt to predict the occurrence of malfeasance.

<author> Jones, M. Cameron; Twidale, Michael B.
<title> Software Informatics?
<abstract> The paper proposes the term =software informaticsë to describe research on the individual, collaborative, and social aspects of software production and use, spanning multiple representations of software from design, to source code, to application. It does this with a particular focus on information processes around software development. As more applications are web-based or available online for download and increasing amounts of source code is also available online, the information processes surrounding software are changing the way that software is created, appropriated and redesigned. Traditional distinctions between software developer and end-user are blurring, with software development processes occurring along a continuum of the proportion of original code written to develop the application, from build from scratch, through library and API calls, copy-paste programming, web mashup development, end-user programming, to creative design through the selection and combination of existing applications. All these design activities have much in common and can benefit from being studied as a whole.

<author> Greenberg, Jane
<title> Theories of Evolution and Cultural Diffusion: The Dryad Repository Case Study for Understanding Changes in Organizing Information Practices
<abstract> Digital networked and graphical technology is having a significant impact not only on the processes for creating, disseminating, and sharing information, but the practices for organizing information. These changes need to be studied and understood in order to keep apace of new developments and to consider how they may improve information organization. This paper considers theories of evolution and cultural diffusion for explaining and contextualizing the change in organizing information practices. The paper discusses these theories and their value for studying change. A case study focuses on the Dryad repository for data underlying published research in the field of evolutionary biology. This inquiry indicates that the theories of evolution and cultural diffusion are applicable to Dryad and reflective of change.

<author> Coppin, Peter
<title> Using Dyslexia to Explore the Cognitive Characteristics of Illustrations and Text; Using Illustrations and Text to Explore the Cognitive Characteristics of Dyslexia
<abstract> Our information presentations reflect how we think and remember. For example, some people create ideas through concept maps or sketches, while some people use writing. How are ideas presented and/or conceived differently through graphic illustrations relative to text? Dyslexia serves as a natural laboratory to explore this question because the characteristics of a ìdisabilityî expose the characteristic of ability. Dyslexic strengths and weaknesses act as independent variables that enable us to explore the cognitive characteristics of illustrated and text presentations. By extending other studies, we conclude that illustrated presentations are more effective for peripheral vision (relative to text), and are useful for visual comparison. Text presentations may be more effective for foveal (center of) vision (relative to illustrations), which is useful for detecting sequential visual processes. Illustrated and text presentations can also act as independent variables that enable us to explore the cognitive characteristics of dyslexia. I will speculate about causes for increased creative abilities in dyslexics by connecting ìwide-angleî perceptual abilities to mental imagery and concept formation. Finally, I discuss illustrated and text oriented information presentations within the context of these conjectures.

<author> Patil, Sameer; Kobsa, Alfred
<title> Why is Evaluating Usability of Privacy Designs So Hard? Lessons Learned from a User Study of PRISM
<abstract> Privacy is a thorny issue that affects all information systems designed for interpersonal interaction and awareness. Theoretical insights regarding privacy and user experience in a variety of systems have produced numerous design principles and guidelines for building systems sensitive to privacy issues. In order to truly improve support for privacy management, the usability of systems that implement these principles is critical. Yet, usability evaluation of privacy designs is a relatively unexplored area. In this paper, we describe our experience of conducting a longitudinal user study to evaluate the effectiveness of the privacy management enhancements offered by PRISM, a plugin for Instant Messaging (IM). Although the study was unable to achieve its intended objective, the lessons learned highlight the difficulties faced by evaluators of privacy management mechanisms. We hope that our experience will benefit future evaluations of privacy management mechanisms, and will initiate discussions on overcoming some of these challenges.

<author> Nitipaichit, Yuttasart; Aksu, Aylin; Calle, Maria; Kabara, Joseph
<title> Wireless Information Systems in Support of Green iSchools
<abstract> Becoming a green iSchool requires information infrastructure development. Wireless information systems are important for information infrastructure development. This paper assesses how wireless information systems can support creating green iSchools. Wireless information systems can be built from wireless networks such as Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs), Wireless Wide Area Networks (WWANs), and Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs). Wireless networks can reduce the fossil fuel combustion from transportation while using fewer infrastructures than wired networks. A WSN can otherwise help increase energy efficiency for school buildings. With low cost energy efficient sensor nodes placing at multiple locations, data gathering can be more effective. And this in turn helps energy use in a school building be more efficient.

<author> Rotman, Dana
<title> Are You Looking At Me? - Social Media and Privacy Literacy
<abstract> Information privacy has received significant attention in past years. The shift from physical to online interaction entails a change in privacy paradigms. Yet, most of the attention has been directed at forms of self-identifying information (e.g. health records and financial information); less attention has been given to privacy concerns resulting from the information provided voluntarily by users during online social interaction. This paper suggests privacy literacy - an educational framework that will be used to enhance users' awareness to privacy issues that are intertwined in online exposure.

<author> Inoue, Keisuke
<title> Automated Detection of Subject Area for Question Triage in Digital Reference
<abstract> This poster presents an on-going study, which attempts to implement an automated detection of the subject area of digital reference questions for the purpose of question triage. The study attempts to show that automated question triage is an achievable task, by incorporating the technological developments in Information Retrieval and con- ceptual developments in Library Science. The preliminary experiment using a machine learning classifier produced promising results.

<author> Potnis, Devendra Dilip; Demissie, Dawit H.
<title> Barriers to Socio-economic Opportunities in Africa: An e-Government Perspective
<abstract> Various barriers to socio-economic opportunities in Africa are explored though e-Government as a lens of study. Using grounded theory methodology, scholarly literature on e-Government in Africa has been analyzed to model various barriers. The research is expected to serve as a scholarly reference for decision-makers in the private and the public sector organizations, as well as policymakers, for making decisions about design, development and execution of e-Government initiatives in Africa.

<author> Cao, Leo L.
<title> Bloomís Taxonomy vs. Game-Based Learning: toward a preliminary theory on games and learning
<abstract> In a society with a fluid flow of information across and between multiple mediums, digital games are a curious entity to many. Interest in researching games and its possible connection to learning spans decades of work in several fields, however, continuity of the work and empirical understanding seem to be few and far in between. The most recent surge in interest in understanding digital games is coupled with the explosive growth in the reach that digital games have made since the days of Pong and Atari. According to the 2008 Entertain Software Association (ESA) report, 38% of the households in the U.S. own a gaming console, and the most recent 2008 Pew Internet study on Teens and their media behavior, indicated that almost all teens play games (97%). This poster aims to use Bloomís Taxonomy as the basis for analyzing Game-Based Learning ñ to be drawn from the works by prominent game researchers & writers (Gee, Prensky, Squire, Kirriemuir, etc.), and results of large scale projects on games and learning (MITís Games to Teach, CMUís Alice, etc.). The primary question being whether the game-based learning approaches documented in the existing research fit Bloom et al.ís Taxonomy ñ a widely referenced baseline framework categorizing educational goals and objectives, used by educators at all levels for over half a century. This is not an analysis of how game-based learning might be good or bad, it simply seeks to shine light on what parameters constitutes game based learning by benchmarking it against an existing well-known framework.

<author> Allen, Warren
<title> Boundary Objects in Hybrid Commercial/Open-Source Software Development Firms
<abstract> Describes a possible agenda for exploring the use of boundary objects in hybrid commercial/open-source software development firms.

<author> Choi, Yunseon
<title> Bringing a More Accurate Userís Perspective into Web Navigation: Facet Analysis of Folksonomy Tags
<abstract> Faceted navigation is useful for finding information on the Web, but facets created by professionals do not represent users' preferences and understandings of concepts. To make faceted navigation more suitable for users and fulfill usersí needs, a userís perspective should be explicitly represented in the design of browsing interface. This study performed facet analysis on folksonomy tags to identify user-centric facets.

<author> Soares, Andrey; Fonseca, Frederico
<title> Building Ontologies for Information Systems: What we have, what we need
<abstract> In this research, we investigate how we can build ontologies that are suitable to Information Systems design. We analyzed methodologies for building ontologies from scratch. Preliminary results show that the process of building ontologies for Information Systems should address issues of metamodels, procedural knowledge, temporal relations and knowledge acquisition.

<author> Wong, Vivian
<title> The Chinatown Library Digital Archives Project: A Story of Community, Memory, and Technology
<abstract> Developments in digital technologies are making it more possible for previously neglected and buried communities to document themselves, allowing diverse peoples to (re)discover and (re)claim their identities and experiences and (re)capture their memories. These communities act as agents in the creation, collection, preservation, and dissemination of their own historical and cultural narratives, while (re)producing these narratives as information resources in archival systems for themselves and the larger societyó ìiSocietyî . Their participation in these information production and archival processes is not only changing the kinds of stories that are being told in content, but it is also reshaping the ways in which the stories are being told in form. How these stories are remembered and represented in archival formations and information systems that house collective memory and communal knowledge is being (re)conceived and (re)conceptualized through the use of digital technologies that simultaneously re-imagines those systems and structures in the communities to serve their needs, as well as aspirational desires. Information systems and archival formations are participatory practices in communities that create communities of belonging while also documenting, collecting, preserving, and displaying their information sources and archival records. The Los Angeles Chinatown Library was a ìdreamî 12-years in the making for the Chinese American community in the Chinatown neighborhood of Downtown Los Angeles. It began in 1971 with one personís desire to have a neighborhood library for the growing population of Chinese Americans and ìnewî (post-1965) Chinese immigrants who lived in the area in the later decades of the 20th century. It grew into a community effort that gathered support from the greater Chinese American community in Los Angeles and state board until the library opened its doors at a local elementary school in 1983. Addressing the 2009 iConference themes of cultural information systems and memory institutions for ethnic communities, The Chinatown Library Digital Archive Project poster will illustrate how one community-based organization is beginning to engage new technologies in collaboration with its community to the create the digital information resources and archival systems that will give ìvoiceî and make ìvisibleî the memories of the Los Angeles Chinatown Library and the story of community collaborated that created a ìspaceî or ìhomeî of knowledge, information, and learning for the community to inhabit .

<author> Pimentel, David M.
<title> The Classification of Religion Topics in Wikipedia: Examining an Evolution
<abstract> This research considers the nature of organizing information resources in a shared, open content encyclopedia. While the organization of information resources entails many complementary phenomena (cf. Wilson, 1978; Taylor, 2004), this study focuses on classification. The act of classification allows for things to be set ìin relation to one anotherî (Sayers, 1944, p. 79, emphasis in the original). Effectively, classifications seek to communicate how things are related for a particular purpose or context (cf. Kwasnik, 1999). This work closely examines the classification of Religion-related topics in the English-language Wikipedia, focusing on how the classification has evolved over time. Wikipedia is an ongoing project to create a free, online, multilingual encyclopedia. Started in 2001, the English-language edition included over 2.6 million articles at the start of December 2008. Wikipedia is often invoked as an exemplar of an emerging information landscape, one that provides a platform for the integration of contributions from multiple participants (Tapscott & Williams, 2006). Variously termed ìWeb 2.0î or the ìsocial Webî (cf. OíReilly, 2005; Madden & Fox, 2006; Weinberger, 2007), these collaborative online environments signal a shift in the evolution of information systems. Information science researchers increasingly regard such participatory systems and the potential of human collaboration as a transformative force on the information landscape (cf. Lankes, et al., 2007; Nilan & DíEredita, 2008). To study the classification of religion topics in Wikipedia, this research examines the 190 edits that separate the current (December 2008) template for Religion topics (shown in Appendix 1) from the original (March 2006) version (shown in Appendix 2). Wikipedia maintains all previous versions as part of its system architecture; these are publicly accessible via the edit-history archive. By leveraging the public archive, this study can systematically examine how Wikipedia participants have modified the classification of articles related to Religion. The classification of Religion was purposively selected because traditional library classifications (e.g., Dewey Decimal Classification) have long been criticized for their treatment of religious topics (cf. Berman, 1971).

<author> Crandall, Michael D.; Fisher, Karen; Landry, Carol
<title> Communities Connect Network: Advancing e-Inclusion in Washington State through Community Tech
<abstract> Communities Connect Network(CCN)* is a statewide coalition of public and private organizations working to ensure that Washington State is a leader in ìDigital Inclusionîñthat all individuals have access and the skills to use the Internet and its resources/ information through community technology centers (CTCs). These community-based organizations provide public access to computer and Internet training for underserved populations. As discussed by Crandall and Fisher (Forthcoming) and in the seminal ìFalling through the Net: Toward digital inclusionî NTIA report (2000), digital inclusion goes beyond access to include technology literacy and relevant content and services as the cornerstones of full engagement in the iSociety. The Communities Connect Network adopted this framework in their work to develop a statewide network of CTCs over the past two years, through targeted training activities for CT providers, development of an online community network for the providers, and advocacyefforts in which the providers were engaged to present a common voice to the state legislature. As a member of CCN, the purpose of our research was to gauge how people of Washington State were (a) using and (b) benefitting from CT services in terms of individuals, families, and communities; and then derive aggregate statewide benefits.

<author> Liu, Xiaozhong; Brzeski, Vadim
<title> Computational Community Interest and Comments Centric Analysis Ranking
<abstract> Ranking is an important subject in information retrieval, and a variety of techniques and algorithms have been developed to rank the retrieved documents and web pages for a given query. However, ranking is also a challenging task, since it is a dynamic problem, namely a userís interest toward each query changes from time to time and it is difficult to accurately extract user interest over time. In this paper, we propose an innovative method to extract and weight real time community interested topic for ranking. By generating community interest vector (CIV), we compute the probability score that community interests in specific document or web page in the search results based on daily or past few hours user-oriented data, and use this score for ranking.

<author> Rosner, Daniela K.
<title> Considering Craftsmanship
<abstract> Craft involves the application of human skill and invested time. Some have argued technology has undermined human expertise by replacing craftwork with automation, disposing of human ingenuity and proficiency. Can new technologies integrate skill, materials and labor with the products of craft? How does technology affect the use and significance of the crafted artifacts? Conversely, how does the craft process engender cultural value for creative practitioners? In this poster, I present a research agenda for the study of craftsmanship in everyday creative practice through new Information and Communication Technology (ICT). In the design of new technology, I seek to support the personal and social value of craft by extending the skilled work of the creative practitioner.

<author> Caicedo, Carlos Enrique; Aksu, Aylin; Cerroni, Walter
<title> A Cooperative Approach to Lab-Based, Multi-Team Courses in an iSchool
<abstract> The iSchool at the University of Pittsburgh has designed a new learning experience that will allow future leaders of the iProfession to gain critical skills and to experience working in culturally diverse teams. The iSchool has, as one of its mission-critical goals, to create learning experiences that imitate the collaborative nature of the information professions. To provide this opportunity and following the advice from industry experts, our iSchool redesigned the laboratory for teaching and learning computer networking topics to support hands-on lab experiences for students as well as the research activities of the iSchool faculty. However, it goes beyond mere workstations in a lab space ñ it is an experiment to create a multi-team environment that facilitates cooperative approaches to problem solving. It also requires the students to participate in self-directed learning. This poster presentation reports how the lab and accompanying courses were designed to address a key aspect in working in the information field ñ how to work as a team to solve a problem. Although the iSchool created this lab as part of its graduate program in Telecommunications, the pedagogical aspects of the lab and curriculum design would be applicable to any discipline within the information field.

<author> Ma, Lai
<title> Critical Ethnography for Information Research
<abstract> Research in Library and Information Science (LIS) often involves the use of various types of information and of information technology. As such, it is primarily concerned with problemsolving in social spaces (e.g., as manifested in user studies) and in designing and troubleshooting of technological systems (e.g., research in information retrieval in general). Although most information research is oriented towards some kind of problemsolving, its nature is not purely technical as many have perceived; rather, it requires analyses of the interrelationship among human (users), technology, and society. In other words, information research is cultural and social in nature and it asks for the search for ìaffordancesî (which can be analyzed in terms of Heideggerís interpretation of Aristotleís four types of causality) which bring forth, for example, user needs and technology uses1. The widely and commonly used quantitative methods, however, are not sufficient for comprehensive analyses of cultural and social phenomena or affordances because quantitative methods are teleological in nature (often in a hypothetical-deductive manner). The search for affordances begs for a critical and conceptual space in research, on the one hand, and empirical approaches in which the understanding of the cultural and the social are central concerns, on the other. Critical ethnography is a critical and empirical research methodology that encompasses these two criteria. Ethnographic methods are not new in information researchó researchers who investigate human-human and human-technology interactions (e.g., those in the area of ëinformation behavior,í 1 For a more detailed explanation of Heideggerís analysis of the four causes and their relations to technology and technique (techne), see Day and Ma. ëuser studiesí) are well aware of the importance of qualitative research and have adopted methods such as observation, interview, focus group study, and so on in their research projects. How is critical ethnography different from more traditional qualitative social research, then?

<author> Galloway, Michael; Khoo, Michael; Lin, Xia; Park, Jung-ran
<title> Crosswalking IPL Metadata to Dublin Core
<abstract> The Internet Public Library (IPL) is crosswalking its metadata to Dublin Core compliant metadata. This involves several research activities, including: quantitative and qualitative analyses of the existing IPL metadata; the creation of a new IPL metadata schema as an application profile of Dublin core; the development of a new database structure; and the development and testing of a new metadata creation and maintenance interface. This poster describes and provides illustrations of these activities.

<author> Lindtner, Silvia
<title> Cultivating Cool: Online and Mixed Reality Gaming in China
<abstract> I propose to present findings from two in-depth ethnographic studies on online and mixed reality gaming in China. During the immersive participatory field research I collected data and image recordings from conversations and interactions with over 80 game players, Internet cafÈ owners, employees at public entertainment centers and at local design companies, which I intend to use for the poster illustrations. In what follows, I provide a synopsis of the work and main findings.

<author> Gujilde, Paolo P.; Crist, Rebecca; Moore, Logan
<title> Cunningham Childrenís Home: Preserving the Past Through University-Community Partnership
<abstract> Community Archives ìare the grassroots activities of documenting, recording, and exploring community heritage in which community participation, control, and ownership of the project is essentialî (Flinn, 2007). It is the aggregation of shared interests, identity, and memories by a group of individuals in the community. One such project is the Cunningham Childrenís Home Archives in Urbana, Illinois. This project, initiated by CCH in collaboration with University of Illinois graduate students, preserves the memories of former residents through the archivilization of photographs, audiovisual materials, and papers. This project exemplifies the need of a local institution as well as the need of graduate students in engaging to the community. Thus, in this poster, we will describe the collaborative work between CCH and the university through its graduate students. CCH is a former orphanage and is now a residential treatment center dedicated to helping children, youths, and their families. The history of CCH since its inception in the late 1800s includes memories of staff and former residents. These memories are represented in photographs, audio-video tapes, art works, and letters. These materials document part of many peopleís lives and are, often, the only memories of their childhood. Additionally, CCH has been an institution in Champaign County for over 100 years and is a significant part of the community. Hence our efforts together with CCH staff are valuable to the preservation of history of the local community and to the memories of many people directly and indirectly part of the childrenís home. So, in this poster, we will describe the first stage of the project, which includes inventory of materials and recommendations for long-term preservation as well as discussion of the future of the project. The first stage of the project involves the assessment of the photograph collection in the archives. The photograph collection is the bulk of the materials at the CCH archives and is heavily accessed by staff and former residents. We also set a short-term goal for the first stage, which was to establish the recommendations for organizing and preserving the current photograph collection and future photograph collections of the archives. Ultimately, the long-term goal of the project is to have the materials, both non-digital and born-digital materials, properly archived for the future.

<author> Russell, Terrell; Kramer-Duffield, Jacob
<title> Disclosure and Timeliness: How much time must pass before itís okay to share?
<abstract> Research has repeatedly shown that computer-mediated communications (CMC) lead to higher levels of disclosure of personal information (Tidwell and Walther 2002). Recent studies have examined the role of increasingly common social media and social network services (SNS) on disclosure in a variety of contexts (Mazer et al. 2007; Tufekci 2008). [The combination of personal demographic data, taste preferences, public disclosure of friend networks and now increasing usage of tools for instantly updating status (e.g., Twitter, Facebook) has, we believe, fundamentally altered usersí understanding of the temporality of information and its (semi-)permanence.] Some studies have begun to look at longer-term life-cycle considerations of data disclosure within certain contexts (Williams 2008) but there has not yet been a comprehensive effort to gauge the effect of timeliness on self-disclosure for various types of personal data, especially for explicitly time-identified disclosures. Our research will examine this issue through a survey mechanism gauging user reactions and perceptions.

<author> Angel, Christine
<title> Does the Construction of Personal Meaning from Museum Artifacts Change with Contextual Variation
<abstract> The purpose of my study is to find out if the construction of personal meaning from museum artifacts change with contextual variation. From this statement the question I am asking is ìHow do children construct personal meaning from museum artifacts and how do they describe the artifacts in different formats? The ìdifferent formatsî I am referring to are the online three-dimensional digital artifact versus the physical object and questioning if online representations of museum artifacts convey the ideas, values, and knowledge outcomes originally intended by the primary curator. The contextual variation I am observing of museum artifacts within the digital environment is the three-dimensional context specifically utilizing Arius3D technology. When describing what the three-dimensional environment is, Dr. Brad Eden, author of Information Visualization, indicates the one-dimensional context involves text only. Examples of the two-dimensional context are the pictures we see in paper and on computer screens. They exist as a flat object with no depth. The three-dimensional context goes beyond this because it incorporates depth or volume with the image. This is big picture, or the ìSo what?î of this study. That is ìDo online representations of museum artifacts convey the ideas, values, and knowledge outcomes originally intended by the primary curator?î When the curator of a museum displays artifacts within an exhibit specific pieces are chosen and set up within the museum space with a specific goal in mind. The artifacts chosen by the curator are placed in public view and within a certain space contained in the museum on purpose. That purpose for the curator is to convey an idea or to tell a specific story about a particular culture the piece represents. There are certain knowledge outcomes the curator would like the museum visitor to leave with. These knowledge outcomes are going to differ from one person to another because of previous experiences every individual has had in the world. These experiences define how the world works and where one fits into that world as individuals. Artifacts are displayed within a museum environment for the purpose of conveying an idea or value held by a culture, thereby creating a knowledge outcome for the benefactor. This is why I am inquiring if the construction of personal meaning from museum artifacts changes with contextual variation. I am interested in determining if the ideas, values, and knowledge outcomes meant to be translated to the museum visitor via digital interface are translated?

<author> Zhao, Haozhen; Casteel, Tom; Lin, Xia
<title> A Dynamic Visualization Interface for Search Service
<abstract> Visualization methods such as node-link trees and space-filling representations expose semantic relationships using spatial arguments to communicate information in ways that text cannot. In this paper, we describe a prototype system that visualizes semantic relationships of search results from the XML-based search service APIs of a large database. OSTI, the source selected for our proof-of-concept prototype, is a major government energy database offering broad coverage of alternative energy resource information including solar, wind, hydroelectric and geothermal topics, among others. The intent is to expand this prototype to facilitate document retrieval clustering around subject terms from any of several large databases with XML-enabled APIs.

<author> Nguyen, Lilly Uyen
<title> Dynamics of Polyphony in Social Classification: An Exploration of an Anatomy of Digital Linguistic Practice
<abstract> As the information technologies grows and the digital online spaces become increasingly popular places for social interaction, we are confronted with new forms of sociality, practice, and knowledge organization that defy traditional distinctions between document, text, speech, language, and practice. This paper presents a study of use and practices of a social classification system, del.icio.us, through an overall theoretical approach that draws from the disciplines of linguistic anthropology, a sociology of interaction, speech act theory, and literary theory. From the ensemble of these approaches, this pilot study tentatively identifies an anatomy of social classification practices based on speech genres of monologue and dialogue. The use of a linguistic practice approach for the study of online classificatory practices is informed by the recognition of convergence among documents, text, language, and practice. The field of linguistic anthropology has long made the argument that language both produces and reflects social action. In turn, language is thus a reflection and enactment of action. Language and action are fundamentally intertwined and mutually constitutive. This idea is essential in digital environments where action is solely evidenced through textual forms of communication on-screen.

<author> Swain, Deborah; Peterson, Gabriel; Brinson, Derek; Fisher, Jamaal
<title> Eagles e-Health Project for UNCFSP/NLM HBCU ACCESS Project
<abstract> This poster summarizes our report on the 2007-2008 Eagles e-Health project at North Carolina Central University. We took a cross-disciplinary and innovative team approach to training the NCCU campus and the off-campus health community in the use of the National Library of Medicineís (NLM )online resources to access health information. The faculty, students, and community partners contributing to the project are from Public Health Education, Library and Information Sciences and Psychology disciplines. Over 20 community partners in the NC Health and Wellness Trust Fundís Health Disparities Initiative are also represented on the project.

<author> Wright, Daniel T.
<title> The emergence of information in biology: common principles in the evolution of organization
<abstract> Information organization and management are commonly understood to be the products of conscious processes under- taken by human beings. While not incorrect, this view is narrow and excludes a wide range of natural, evolved infor- mational mechanisms in biological systems. The creation of human information organization systems that can exercise a degree of autonomy in interactions with the world { so that they can be exible and adapt to changing conditions { would bene t from an understanding of the biological in- formation systems that do this. By broadening our view of information organization to include these natural systems, we stand to gain a deeper understanding of both principles of information organization and the natural world.

<author> Pirmann, Carrie M.
<title> Enhancing Subject Access to Materials in Library OPACs: Are Folksonomies the Answer?
<abstract> This research will examine a given set of books and compare their LibraryThing folksonomic tags with their assigned Library of Congress Subject Headings. In particular, I am looking for commonalities and differences in the ways in which these subject languages describe the materials to which they are applied. Can folksonomies be used to enhance subject access to materials in library catalogs? What does user tagging tell us about the way that people think about the subjects of a book? In an information environment where students are so attuned to keyword and Google-style searching, does the application of folksonomic tags increase the findability of library materials?

<author> Ahn, Jae-wook; Brusilovsky, Peter
<title> Envisioning User Models for Adaptive Visualization
<abstract> Adaptive search systems apply user models to provide better separation of relevant and non-relevant documents in a list of results. This paper presents our attempt to leverage this ability of user models in the context of visual information exploration. We developed an adaptive visualization approach for presentation and exploration of search results. We simulated a visual intelligence search/analysis scenario with log data extracted from an adaptive information foraging study and were able to verify that our method could improve the ability of traditional relevance visualization to separate relevant and irrelevant information.

<author> Zhang, Yan; Fan, Xiangyu; Mostafa, Javed
<title> Evaluating automatic medical concepts associations with human judgments
<abstract> This paper evaluates the associations of a subset of concepts extracted by VCGS (Vocabulary Cluster Generating System), a concept extraction and association tool, based on 6000 titles and abstracts downloaded from EBSCOhost Health Source ñ Consumer Edition database, against associations decided by 30 participants. The results show that after incorporating LSA (Latent Semantic Analysis) technique, the VCGS system establishes term associations that are not significantly different from users.

<author> Milojevic, Stasa
<title> Evolution of the social structure of nanotechnology
<abstract> New disciplines require the presence of a social infrastructure for the research to become institutionalized. I study the change of structural arrangements to determine the social development of nanotechnology as an emerging discipline. In order to understand structural properties of social infrastructure, I have conducted the empirical study of the time evolution of co-authorship network of scientists in nanotechnology. In particular I have examined static topological properties of networks and underlying dynamical processes leading to particular topologies.

<author> Zheng, Wu
<title> Exploring Hidden Connections Among Historical Images
<abstract> In this paper, an experiment is presented to explore hidden connections among historical images using literature-based discovery (LBD) method. The result of the experiment shows that LBD has the potential in finding implicit relations among these images.

<author> Birkland, Johanna Lynn
<title> Exploring Impacts on Older Adultsí E-Services Usage
<abstract> By 2050, over one fifth of the U.S. population will be age 65 or older [17], suggesting increased pressure on our societies to ensure that the needs of older adults are met. Not only are our societies aging, but technology has become pervasive in many of the processes upon which older individuals depend. An example of the impact that technology has had on older adults is the rise of governmental e-services. E-services have been defined as ìinteractive software-based information systemsî that are accessed via the internet or through other forms of technology [7]. Examples of e-services that impact older individuals include the Help America Vote Act, which requires all states in the US to implement electronic voting by 2012 [8] and the digitalization of Medicare benefits [18]. However, research has demonstrated that older adults use Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) less than younger adults suggesting that many older adults are not benefiting from these digitalized e-services [5, 11]. In the case of e-voting, are actually discouraged from voting when technology is used [14]. Several studies have examined e-services usage by the general population [6, 7], while other studies have examined the factors that influence older adult usage of ICTs [5, 11, 12]. Each of these studies implicates several different factors thought to affect usage, and it is unclear if these factors are related, or if some factors are antecedents of others. Additionally, in the e-services literature, there has been a concentration on exploring individualís intent to use e-services [6, 7], rather than their actual use. It is possible that for older adults, there are impacts that prevent those who intend to use a technology from doing so. This abstract proposes a study to understand the full array of factors affecting older adults usage of e-services, including how these factors are related.

<author> Chen, Miao
<title> Exploring the Use of Ontological Relations in Information Retrieval
<abstract> The paper tries to explore how ontologies can contribute to information retrieval (IR) systems. Concepts and hierarchical relations of ontologies have been frequently used to expand concepts in queries, while non-hierarchical relations are seldom used in IR systems. We propose frameworks of integrating ontological relations in two parts of an IR system, query expansion and retrieved document organization. The effect of relations within the two frameworks will be examined and the methods are discussed as well.

<author> Ambikar, Rucha
<title> The global library: responding to information needs in a globalized world
<abstract> Information behavior the world over has rapidly changed with the increasing and enormous popularity of information and communication technologies (ICT). Newer technology such as the internet and computers has allowed for increased information to be accessible to people, aiding processes of informed decision-making, particularly related to decisions about their own development. Public access to information and to ICT is an important way in which the gap between those with access to ICT and those without can be reduced, empowering people with access to information and technology relevant to their lives. Our poster addresses this realm of public access to information and ICT and is based on a large-scale project that was conducted in 25 countries around the world. Our aim was to explore how diverse populations can and do access and use ICT. We study key venues that offer public access to information and ICT to understand how venues such as public libraries meet the information needs of communities and what barriers and successful strategies affect their effective access and use. In partnership with local research partner teams we engaged in comparative analysis focusing on factors such as physical access to technology, affordability of the technology, human capacity and training available for the use this technology, sociocultural factors, local economic and political environment, and the legal and regulatory framework of each country. This poster highlights the results of comparative analysis of public access venues in 25 countries and focuses on public libraries. We present key findings in terms of information needs of communities. We focus on the role of public libraries in fulfilling these information needs by looking at factors such as basic infrastructure, digital literacy, the role infomediaries, ICT training, and political will and public support for libraries. We draw on success stories and challenges in our sample to showcase some of the barriers and success factors in public access; and arrive at policy recommendations to strengthen libraries. Through this we discuss the changing information needs of communities and how libraries might successfully respond to such changing needs to truly be integral parts of community information networks.

<author> Scialdone, Michael John; Li, Qing; Crowston, Kevin; Heckman, Robert
<title> Group Maintenance Behaviors in the Decision-Making Styles of Self-Organizing Distributed Teams
<abstract> Businesses, universities, and other organizations are increasingly reliant on self-organizing, distributed teams which are enabled by information and communication technologies (ICTs). However, inherent geographical, organizational, and social limitations of ICTs challenge the relationships necessary for groups to make effective decisions. Understanding how group maintenance plays out within the context of different styles of decision making may provide insight into social tactics undertaken in such teams. Group maintenance is defined as discretionary, relation-building behavior that enables group members to trust and cooperate with one another more easily [1]. Decision style refers to the extent to which group decision making involves a broad contribution from group members other than leaders. It may range from the most autocratic style where a decision is made by one or a few individuals, to truly collaborative where every member has the opportunity to affect the decision. This study examines group maintenance within decision-making behaviors of Free/Libre Open Source Software (FLOSS) development teams as examples of distributed teams. Most FLOSS software is developed by such teams that are both dynamic and self-organizing, comprised of professionals, users, and other volunteers working in a loosely coupled manner [2-4]. These teams are nearly entirely virtual in that developers contribute from around the world, meet face-to-face infrequently (if at all), and coordinate their activities primarily through computer-mediated communications (CMC) [6, 7].

<author> Kim, Youngseek
<title> How Does Web Advertising Affect Usersí Information Seeking, Website Evaluation, and Source
<abstract> Web advertising (ads) is currently a big issue for information seeking behavior on the Internet. Since websites are an important source of information in our daily lives, the websites have become popular media for advertising. The advertisers think that Web ads are the best way to get people to know quickly many things about a product or service [7]. However, from the viewersí perspective, Web ads can be considered an obstacle to usersí information seeking on a website. Actually, Web ads received complains as being annoying or intruding, and it is considered to have negative effects such as affecting peopleís task performance by many researchers [2, 5, 6]. The objective of this research is to know how Web advertising affects usersí information seeking, website evaluation, and source evaluation. Most previous studies have focused on the effectiveness of Web ads toward viewers. Not many studies researched on how Web ads affect usersí information seeking performance, website evaluation, and content evaluation of a website. According to visual attention theory, since peopleís visual attention is limited, the more attention Web ads received from a viewer, the less amount of attention was available for the visual search task and the more damaging it was to the search task [5]. Therefore, Web ads will affect peopleís information seeking performance, and consequently it will influence website evaluation and source evaluation of the website. My research question is: how do different types of Web advertising which attract peopleís attention at differing levels affect usersí information seeking performance, website evaluation, and source evaluation? I will employ an empirical research design with various levels of attention grabbing Web ads and usersí information seeking performance, website evaluation, and source evaluation. I will use a total of 200 college students as the sample population in this research, and I will randomly assign the participants into four different groups (50 participants in each group): three experimental groups for low, medium, and high attention grabbing Web ads and one control group (a group with no Web ads). There would be no significant difference between groups in terms of years of computer experience, years of Internet experience, and gender.

<author> Roberts, Sarah T.
<title> A Hybrid Approach to Undergraduate LIS Instruction: A Case Study of Organization of Online Course Information
<abstract> Hybrid courses, a combination of online/asynchronous and inclass/ synchronous learning, are relative newcomers among the different types of course delivery options available to instructors. Along with them comes the need to develop and organize online course materials to ensure student participation and success with the online component, usually fully 50% of the course. A concurrent recent development is the movement to reintroduce classes in Library and Information Studies/Science (LIS) directed toward undergraduates, of which this course was one. This poster captures one such attempt at piloting and delivering a hybrid course in the field of Library and Information Studies by graphically showcasing the different online elements utilized in the course, their development and organizational implementation. It then offers analysis, provides a discussion of relevant theoretical notions and frameworks useful for contextualizing the observations made, and suggest several areas of and possibilities for future inquiry.

<author> Wildemuth, Barbara M.; Pomerantz, Jeffrey; Oh, Sanghee; Fox, Edward A.; Yang, Seungwon
<title> i-Schools as a Natural Home for Digital Libraries Education
<abstract> Given that digital libraries bring together technology, information, and the people using the information, it can easily be argued that i-schools should play a central role in educating DL professionals. This study examines the existing roles that i-schools play in DL education from two different vantage points: their offering of DL courses and their participation in a DL curriculum development project. In addition, we explore the potential to expand the iSchools Caucus by recruiting those schools that are active in DL education efforts (i.e., those that offer courses or participate in curriculum development) but are not yet members of the Caucus. based on the seven course syllabi available on the open Web, DL courses in the i-schools are further analyzed, in terms of the topics covered, the textbooks used, and the types of assignments used. From this analysis, we conclude that there is not yet a consensus on the topics covered or the assignment used in DL courses.

<author> Addom, Benjamin
<title> ICTs for Synergy: A Case Study of Scientific Knowledge and Local Farmersí Innovative Activ
<abstract> The proposed study aims at understanding the existing media and contents of communication between and among local farmers (LF), agricultural extension officers (AEO) and agricultural researchers (AR) and their implications on the advent of the new Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) for agricultural development in Ghana. While the study recognizes the transformative power of the new digital network and its applications in openly disseminating scientific knowledge (Stiglitz, 1999) from one location to another, it also argues that without an intelligent approach to unearthing the innovative activities and local experiences of the communities, the impact of the information age on these economies will remain nebulous. With underlying concepts from the literature on knowledge management (scientific and local knowledge) and the theory of absorptive capacity, the study uses a mixed method approach to analyze the current communication processes and explore new avenues for future improvement. It employs the use of survey, interviews and focus group discussions to elicit data from the three groups at two selected agricultural districts of Ghana where there is a strong linkage between research, extension, and farming. The result of the study is expected to have theoretical, practical and policy implications on knowledge sharing among the actors.

<author> Snyder, Jamie
<title> Image-Enabled Discourse: A Preliminary Descriptive Investigation
<abstract> This poster presents preliminary results of an exploratory qualitative research. The hypothesis of this study is that affordances provided by image-enabled communication practices (i.e. drawing) create salient or hospitable conditions for reaching specific conversation outcomes. Qualitative empirical research in the form of semi-structured interviews seeks to establish a starting point for more robust future investigations of image-enabled communicative practices.

<author> Lee, Joey
<title> The impact of Identity Supportive Games (ISGs) on ethnic minority possible selves and learning
<abstract> Serious Games are digital games with an educational, informative, or persuasive goal beyond mere entertainment (Abt, 2002). They are promising because they often contain features that appear to be useful for learning (Squire, 2003), eliciting behavioral or attitudinal change (Yee, 2007) or encouraging new perspective taking, empathy, and new ways of thinking (Thomson, 2006; Gee, 2005). As of yet, not much research yet exists on how to effectively use this form of technology to support identity development, raise awareness about social issues, or foster positive social or personal change (Thomson, 2006). In this Design-Based Research (DBR) study, I propose and test a specific Serious Game design that I call Identity Supportive Games (ISGs). Specifically, I design and test game designs that allows players to explore Asian-American identities in relation to ethnic stereotypes. Many misconceptions and myths persist regarding Asian-American issues (e.g., the effects of seemingly positive stereotypes such as the ìModel Minorityî image that depicts Asian-Americans as intelligent overachievers who rarely fail). In reality, these stereotypes and self-beliefs can lead to problems including identity crisis (Erikson, 1968), mental illnesses and depression (Cohen, 2007), poor self-esteem and self-image (Mok, 1998; Sue & Sue, 2004), decreased academic performance (Steele, 1997), decreased opportunities (Cheng & Thatchenkery, 1997), and pigeonholing (Sue & Sue, 2006). With this in mind, I seek to understand how Serious Games can support identity development, impact self-concept, and broaden possible selves (Markus & Nurius, 1986) in the face of the limiting and damaging effects of ethnic minority stereotypes. This work also seeks to produce design principles for attitudinal, affective, and learning outcomes in digital games.

<author> Wei, Kangning
<title> The Impact of National Culture on Knowledge Sharing Activities in Global Virtual Collaboration: the Chinese Case
<abstract> This paper explores the impact of national culture on knowledge sharing activities in global virtual collaboration. In specific, the Chinese culture is examined.

<author> Kane, Shaun K.
<title> Improving Mobile Phone Accessibility with Adaptive User Interfaces
<abstract> Mobile phones have become an important and ubiquitous tool for people of all ages and abilities. However, mobile phones can often be difficult or impossible to use by people with visual impairments, motor impairments, or other disabilities. Although users with disabilities are sometimes able to overcome these accessibility barriers, it is possible and preferable to design mobile phones that adapt to users with a range of abilities. We are investigating the problems that people with disabilities encounter when using mobile devices, and are developing new techniques to adapt mobile phone user interfaces to a userís abilities. These techniques may increase the accessibility of mobile phones for all users.

<author> Niu, Xi; Hemminger, Bradley
<title> Information Resources Used by Academic Professors of the Unites States in the Electronic Age
<abstract> To identify what information resources the professors use to support their research activities and how they use them in the electronic age, this paper surveyed 637 faculty members from five research universities across the nation. Three questions were asked including the five most important specific resources, how many articles they retrieved from 13 channels of sources, and which search engine (Google vs. Libraryís homepage) they preferred to use. Descriptive statistics, exploratory factor analysis, regression analysis and binomial test were used to analyze the data. Factors including age, gender, and disciple are related to choice of particular information sources. We find that most of the faculty members still rely on electronic journals. Preferences were evenly divided regarding using libraryís search page versus a Google search page.

<author> Serbanuta, Claudia; Thompson, Sara; Bruce, Bertram C.
<title> Information Spaces in the Community
<abstract> Information Spaces in the Community is a workshop frame designed to promote e-inclusion by helping participants understand the iSociety in which they live. An information space (IS) is defined as a place where people go to access information and technology for their personal or community development. Living and learning in a developed society we are able to access and be comfortable with multiple information spaces. However, in our daily lives, close to where we live, there are many IS we don't know about or know how to use effectively. Moreover, access to these IS's is very unequal. The Community Informatics research group from Graduate School of Library and Information Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign has a long history of working with underserved communities in programs using diverse Information and Communication Technologies. In an attempt to reach the youth in these communities, a workshop frame was developed in the summer of 2008. Participants in the workshop used inquiry-based learning to discover different IS's in the community, and then to create a presentation describing their findings. In this process, participants learn to use different computer programs, media and Internet tools to help them present the IS visited. Based on the earlier success, the same workshop frame was used by the research group and students from a Community Informatics Concepts online class to host a different group of participants: international librarians. Yearly, Mortenson Center focuses on "international education, understanding, and peace" through library programs and brings to a US campus a group of international librarians. The program aims to provide them with a broad knowledge of, and exposure to, the theory and practice of librarianship in the USA. The Fall 2008 edition of this program offered the participants the opportunity to explore US iSociety through a two-day workshop that engaged them in visiting, learning about, and presenting different IS's on campus and in the surrounding community. Thirty librarians from fourteen countries, including Vietnam, Japan, China, Palestine, Kenya, Nigeria, and Colombia, joined a work group and visited up to three IS's each. These included libraries, health or art centers, a movie rental shop, and a bus stop. Using a geographic positioning system (GPS) unit, a video camera, and notebooks, each group of librarians gathered data about the IS and created a presentation based on it. Participants also engaged in online mapping using Google maps and movie editing. There were also formal presentations on open source software and web 2.0 tools. The hosts of this workshop were students and professors from the Community Informatics group on campus. Other participants included students from the online class who were learning about community informatics and how professionals in information science can engage with their own communities. They were leaders in the workshop as well as learners. On the first day session in campus they accompanied librarians on their visits to the different IS's, to facilitate communication with and inquiring of information providers. Students came from different parts of US and had a unique learning experience together with international librarians. Besides finding out about the IS on campus they learned, for example, how to use GPS and how to effectively communicate with people that use English as a second language. In addition they looked at what was the relation between physical spaces for community informational needs from librarians' home and the visited ones in US. The "Information Spaces in the Community" poster presents how inquiry about IS was beneficial for this group of librarians: the way in which participants presented their findings, what they thought about the places they visited, what was most interesting to them and how it related to back home in terms of information access, how they learned to use different technologies. Since the workshop was a rare learning experience for the US students hosting this workshop the poster will present some of their experiences as well. Even though the workshop was initially developed having a specific public in mind (youth in economically struggling communities), it was easily adapted to a different public. We believe that the main reason for this success is that the inquiry-based learning process was well received and assimilated by participants of different ages. International librarians appreciated inquiring about how community members in a US city obtain information through various organizations and sites, and learning how new digital technologies can be used to investigate communities and to communicate the findings.

<author> Tyworth, Michael
<title> Institutional and Organizational Influences on the Design of Integrated Criminal Justice Information Systems
<abstract> In this paper I present preliminary findings from research on the design and use of interorganizational information systems being developed to facilitate information sharing among criminal justice agencies, called IJIS. One, institutionalized practices, values, and norms remain a barrier to effective integration, collaboration and information sharing. Two, individual IJIS have unique identities that are reflected in both their organizational and technological arrangements.

<author> Wiggins, Andrea
<title> Interdisciplinary Diversity in the iSchool Community
<abstract> Interdisciplinary research is both challenging and increas- ingly imperative to addressing many intellectual, social and practical problems. This poster presents a proposed empir- ical study of interdisciplinary diversity in the iSchool com- munity. Developing a better understanding of the factors that allow interdisciplinary academic endeavors to survive and thrive is useful to both the iSchools, for which the re- search would provide strategic feedback, and to the broader scienti c community as a means of insight into cultivating in- terdisciplinary research. The proposed study is expected to contribute a methodological approach for evaluating diver- sity in an interdisciplinary community that will provide an objective basis for self-evaluation and community-level com- parisons, and empirical results that explore the relationship between interdisciplinary intellectual inputs and interdisci- plinary scholarly outputs in the iSchools.

<author> Karunakaran, Arvind; Kim, Hyun-Woo; Khabsa, Madian
<title> iSchools and Social Identity ñ A Social Network Analysis
<abstract> We analyze the publication co-authorship network of an iSchool faculty community using ëSocial Identity Theoryí as the theoretical lens. Initially, we discuss the need for a theoretical framework to analyze and interpret social network data. Then, we find out the patterns in the levels of interaction happening within the faculty community at an inter-group level. We grouped faculty members into different clusters according to several parameters such as their educational backgrounds, affiliations with research centers/labs, and h-indices. We based our analysis on this classification and we try to understand the relationship among social identity, group affiliation and academic collaborations. We conclude with the remarks that one could avoid idiosyncratic ways of interpreting social network data by using a proven theoretical lens like ëSocial Identity Theoryí

<author> Yang, Seungwon; Fox, Edward A.; Chung, Wingyan
<title> Living In the KnowlEdge Society (LIKES) Initiative and iSchoolsí Focus on the Information Field
<abstract> In this poster, we describe the similarities between the Living In the KnowlEdge Society (LIKES) project and iSchools ñ both focus on the information field. This might lead to future collaborations between the two. One of the LIKES objectives is to spread computational thinking, fundamental CS/IT paradigms, key computing concepts and ICT paradigms across the Knowledge Society. This is analogous to iSchoolsí vision of education for thorough understanding of information, IT and their applications. In the previous three LIKES workshops, participants from various disciplines had an intense discussion about grand challenges to incorporate computing/IT in their disciplines. All iSchools have courses that teach computing and information-related topics. If those courses can be expanded for other non-computing disciplines on their campuses with support from experiences of LIKES, it would further empower professionals in the iField.

<author> Wickett, Karen M.
<title> Logical Expressiveness of Semantic Web Languages for Bibliographic Information Modeling
<abstract> The Semantic Web promises powerful new functionality for bibliographic databases by combining bibliographic informa- tion with knowledge about the world. However, the kinds of representation that are possible in Semantic Web languages are not widely understood in the LIS community. In partic- ular, the W3C Semantic Web ontology languages RDFS and OWL are not su ciently expressive to deliver the full range of inferences anticipated for bibliographic applications, and will require formalized rules from other speci cations.

<author> Guo, Lijiang; Jacob, Elin; George, Nicolas
<title> Longitudinal Analysis of Tag Structure in Del.icio.us
<abstract> This paper describes a three-level structure of folksonomies that accounts for the aggregation of tags in a social bookmarking system and describes the results of a preliminary longitudinal analysis of user-assigned tags collected from del.idio.us.com for the period 2005-2007. Results of this analysis indicate that evolving community consensus on the meanings of tags can lead to the emergence of domain vocabularies that can be useful for retrieving domain resources.

<author> Detlefsen, Ellen Gay; Spallek, Heiko; Schleyer, Titus; Butler, Brian S.
<title> The ìLunch With a Scientistî Project: An Information Behavior Study in an Academic H
<abstract> This poster addresses the iConference themes of ìWhat is ëengagementí in a research institution?î and ìpersonal information management.î It presents findings from a qualitative study of information behaviors in a population of scientists and clinicians that seeks to understand how the respondents search for information, what sources of information they use, and what decisions they make around the management of their information resources. It is specifically a project that exemplifies the iConference review criterion on ìmulti- (or inter- or cross-) disciplinarityî in both its research team and its subject participants. It also speaks to the iConference review criterion of ìaddressing ways in which scholarly work and educational activities can connect to constituencies beyond the iSchool community.î The poster reports on work currently underway by an interdisciplinary team of investigators who are studying collaboration behaviors among personnel in a large multi-disciplinary clinical research environment, as part of an NIH-funded initiative in translational research. This poster is a by-product of the larger work; the larger work is focussed on two main research questions: what are the key social issues that researchers face when attempting to form collaborations and how do they currently solve these problems?

<author> Potnis, Devendra Dilip
<title> Mobile Technologies and Disadvantaged Women: A Mixed Methods Study of Information Behavior in a D
<abstract> This dissertation research studies the role of mobile technologies in shaping information behavior of financially disadvantaged women, who own and use mobile cell phones, and earn less than US $1 per day, by working at a domestic business set up in rural India. Wilsonís global model of human information behavior will be used to study the information behavior of a sample population. The research findings will be of great use to public sector organizations, academia as well as private sector organizations in a variety of different ways.

<author> Urban, Richard J.
<title> Modeling CDWA Lite as an OWL Ontology
<abstract> The Categories for the Description of Works of Art (CDWA) is a foundational framework for describing cultural heritage resources. This poster presents a model of the CDWA Lite core categories as an OWL ontology.

<author> Liu, Fei; Chuk, Erik
<title> Network Properties of Social Tags and Collocates ABSTRACT In
<abstract> In this poster, we apply network analysis methods in two information networks: a social tagging network and a collocation network. We try to identify their distinct network patterns under different language environments and their relationship with IDF.

<author> Kampov-Polevoi, Julia; Mostafa, Javed
<title> Online Learning at iSchools ñ Review of Current Offerings
<abstract> The rapid growth in the knowledge and information sector of economy in the recent decades has led to a shift from the traditional educational paradigm to the concept of lifelong learning. Wide acceptance of this concept in the US can be illustrated by the fact that overwhelming majority of state governors ranked encouraging lifelong learning as the top educational issue [1]. According to the most recent government report [2], there has been a steady increase in student enrollment in post-secondary educational institutions and the trend is expected to continue over the next decade with most significant growth in the 25-34 age group (near 30%) and almost as much growth in the over 35 age group as among 18-24 year olds with the number of graduate and professional students increasing 18% and 20% respectively. In other words, it is expected that people will be seeking more advanced education or new professional skills and at later stages of their lives. It is reasonable to expect a proportionate increase in the demand for degrees in the field of Information Science. Higher education infrastructure cannot handle such growth in demand without exploring alternatives to traditional classroom learning. One of the ways to meet the projected demand in graduate/professional education is to develop or extend online education offerings. By expanding temporal and spatial boundaries of educational institutions, online learning not only allows the educational institutions to grow beyond the physical limits of their campuses, but also increases accessibility of education to students that, for various reasons, cannot take part in traditional educational programs. In fact, there has been a steady increase in student demand for online learning opportunities that provide the flexible, time-efficient, and relevant to workplace education they desire. According to most recent nationwide survey [3], the number of students taking at least one online course in a semester has been increasing steadily and is projected to continue to grow with online enrollment currently comprising nearly 20% of total student enrollment. Not, surprisingly, majority of post-secondary educational institutions consider online learning important to their overall strategy [3] with two thirds having online offerings ranging from select courses to fully-online degree programs. Yet, one third of institutions have no online offerings. How do information science programs fit into the online learning landscape? Our study will attempt to answer this question by exploring the current status of online education in IS. Specifically, we plan to review existing programs in terms of their business models, technological platforms and delivery format as well as assess barriers to establishing or expanding online programs. The goal is to understand what opportunities and challenges affect building online education capacity for the IS programs. This poster reports the preliminary findings from a pilot study focused on the 19 US based members of iSchool Caucus and aimed at pilot-testing our methodology.

<author> Milas, T. Patrick
<title> Otlet, Theology, and Faceted Classification: A French Correction
<abstract> Paul Otlet and Henri LaFontaine were French-speaking Belgian pioneers of Universal Decimal Classification (UDC), an early exemplar of faceted classification schemas. They redesigned Dewey Decimal Classification to correct for its English language and American cultural biases. Their successors ñ UDC Consortium ñ recently revised the UDC to facilitate access to theological information. At the 2009 iConference, Patrick Milas: (1) outlines how faceted classification connects to theological information retrieval; (2) suggests why UDC is a promising classification schema for the increasingly diverse knowledge accessible through Web 2.0; (3) juxtaposes previous research in theological libraries (Milas, 2007) to information organization and retrieval practices in the international context of the UDC; and, (4) presents how recent revisions to the initially French UDC relate to theological information access in English.

<author> Brandimarte, Laura; Acquisti, Alessandro; Loewenstein, George; Babcock, Linda
<title> Privacy Concerns and Information Disclosure: An Illusion of Control Hypothesis
<abstract> In this paper, we run a series of experiments in order to investigate one possible cause of inconsistency in peopleís behavior and concerns regarding online privacy. Even though individuals claim that privacy is very important, many end up revealing considerable private information in online social networks. It is possible that individuals suffer from illusion of control when dealing with the privacy of their data: when subjects are personally responsible for the publication of private information online, they may also tend to perceive some form of control over the access and use of that information by others. If, instead, a third party were responsible for the publication of the same data, they may feel a loss of control and realize that once private information is posted online not only can it be accessed, but also used by others without authorization: once it is available on the network, that information becomes indeed public.

<author> Ke, Weimao
<title> The Rich Get Richer: Studying Scholarly Impact in the Emerging Field of Information Visualization
<abstract> The paper reports on an investigation of the-rich-get-richer e ect of scholarly communication in the emerging eld of Information Visualization. A dataset containing 31 years' representative publications is used to analyze scholarly im- pact in terms of citation scores. Rich factors, i.e., variables that carry previous citation scores, are closely examined and their contributions to future citations measured. Based on previous research on citation patterns, a general log-linear regression model is proposed and applied to the prediction of scholarly impact using the rich factors. The analysis sup- ports the\preferential attachment"property, or the-rich-get- richer phenomenon, in citation networks and reveals that the number of citations one has received largely explains the magnitude of future rewards. The implication is that citation-based evaluation of scholarly impact is biased. The large coe cient of determination (R2) found in the current analysis, to be veri ed in other domains, is too signi cant to ignore. This invites thoughts on how Information Science domains like InfoVis can maintain research momentum by rewarding recognized scholars while encouraging new players and novelty.

<author> Baker, Andrea Bridget
<title> Robust dialogue but limited representation: A case study of an online discussion group focused on local politics
<abstract> The use of social networking technologies to discuss, organize and participate in the political process, both during and in between election cycles, seems to be gaining popularity (Davis, 2005; Rainie, 2005b). There is a growing body of literature that examines the use of the Internet and its various technologies as tools to improve the democratic process (Brunsting, 2002; Dahlberg, 2001; Harrison & Falvey, 2001; Jensen, 2003; Kavanaugh, Carroll, Rosson, Reese, & Zin, 2005; Stromer-Galley, 2002, 2003). Some researchers have studied technologyís impact on access to information, government services, officials and candidates (Harrison et al., 2005; Jensen, 2003; Kavanaugh et al., 2005) Some researchers have focused on the quality of discourse within the communities (Dahlberg, 2001; Davis, 2005; Wilhelm, 2000). Others have highlighted technologyís ability to transcend geographic, social and ideological boundaries (Hacker & Dijk, 2001; Kavanaugh et al., 2005;Stromer-Galley, 2002, 2003). What much of the research has in common is that the studies have centered on political discussion groups such as those found on USENET newsgroups (now Google groups), chat rooms, and Yahoo! groups, which are organized by political ideologies or topics generally associated with national issues. There is some research on community computer networks, but these are mostly products of a collaboration between universities, government, and citizens (Harrison, Zappen, Stephen, Garfield and Prell, 2001; Harrison, Zappen and Adali, 2005; Kavanaugh, Carroll, Rosson, Reese and Zin, 2005; Kavanaugh, Reese, Carroll, and Rosson, 2005). Needed are studies that examine citizensí uses of web technologies to talk about local political issues. Eliasoph (1997) has argued that people avoid publicly talking about politics in their home communities. The question is: Can online discussion space focused on local politics expand participation as well as create an environment where diverse ideas and informed discussion thrives? In addition to providing insight to the academic community, the answers to these questions may assist local communities looking to foster public discussion about issues that affect the everyday lives of average people.

<author> Pal, Joyojeet; Patra, Rabin; Thota, Sai Gopal
<title> RuralScope: Tracking Rural Monetary Disbursements
<abstract> -

<author> Pepe, Alberto
<title> A socio-epistemic approach to identify communities of scientific collaboration
<abstract> The processes that drive collaboration in scienti c environ- ments are embedded within the social, technical, cultural and epistemic practices of the constituent research commu- nities. This poster presents a methodology to unpack spe- ci c social and epistemic dimensions of scienti c collabora- tion using, as a case study, a \little science" research center: the Center for Embedded Networked Sensing (CENS).

<author> Treglia, Joseph Vincent; Park, Joon S.
<title> Technical, Social & Legal Barriers to Effective Information Sharing Among Sensitive Organizations
<abstract> While millions of dollars have been invested in information technologies to improve intelligence information sharing among law enforcement agencies at the Federal, Tribal, State and Local levels, there remains a hesitation to share information between agencies. This lack of coordination hinders the ability to prevent and respond to crime and terrorism. Work to date has not produced solutions nor widely accepted paradigms for understanding the problem. Therefore, to enhance the current intelligence information sharing services between government entities, we have identified three major problem areas; Technical, Social, and Legal. Furthermore, we have developed a preliminary model and theory of intelligence information sharing through a literature review, experience and interviews with practitioners in the field. This model and theory should serve as a basic conceptual framework for further academic work and lead to further investigation and clarification of the identified factors and the degree of impact they exert on the system so that actionable solutions can be identified and implemented.

<author> Grimes, Justin M.; Jaeger, Paul T.; Lin, Jimmy
<title> Weathering the Storm: The Policy Implications of Cloud Computing
<abstract> Throughout the history of computing, there have been sev- eral paradigm shifts from main-frames to mini computing to microprocessing to networked computers. On track to be the next major paradigm shift is that of cloud computing. While the de nitions are still being debated (see: http://videos. techielife.com/what-is-cloud-computing/video-online/ 2008/11/13), fundamentally, cloud computing can be de- ned as a push in designing services where information is stored and processed on the Internet (i.e., \the cloud") usu- ally via massive large scale data centers which can be ac- cessed remotely through various clients and platforms [18, 2]. Cloud computing itself has often been referred to as a conglomeration of ideas such as Software as a Service, Web 2.0, grid computing, and utility computing [2]. In essence, cloud computing is an umbrella concept which attempts to synthesize and encapsulate this over arching movement of access anywhere, process anywhere while abstracting the en- tire process to the user masking it in the cloud.

<author> Rathbun-Grubb, Susan R.
<title> What happens to iSchool graduates? Using career data to support iSchool engagement initiatives
<abstract> iSchool collaboration with local, national or global constituencies can be promoted through curricular programs, community outreach, and partnerships with other nonprofit and for-profit institutions and organizations on research and projects. iSchool faculty, students, and supporters, including alumni, all play a role in planning, promoting, implementing, and sustaining these engagement efforts. Research institutions that are committed to community engagement will need data from a variety of sources to make these initiatives successful. Career tracking of graduates can provide iSchools with useful data for strategic planning of programs and engagement activities. For some programs, alumni may be an untapped resource, and regular communication with those who are interested opens up potential partnerships with them, their associates, and their employers. Retrospective surveys allow an iSchool to reconnect with alumni who may welcome the opportunity to re-engage with the program and faculty, conduct research or provide support, or offer internships, learning opportunities, or future jobs for students. Career surveys can be used to assess this interest and solicit ideas for collaborative ventures. Analysis of career data can also help iSchool educators find out what types of jobs their graduates are taking and the variety of organizations that employ them, as well as the graduatesí perceptions of how well the program prepared them for their professions. This type of information informs curriculum design, pedagogical strategies, internship placement, research project planning, and the establishment of community partnerships.

<author> Takazawa, Aiko; Williams, Kate
<title> What is Community Informatics in Japan? A look at 12 cases
<abstract> In this paper, we are concerned with the applicability of the concept of Community Informatics (CI) rooted in North American studies to a different context, Japan. Despite the fact that CI is a relatively new filed of study, and Japanís intensive use of mobile information and communication technologies (ICT) are a common area to find in articles, Japanese CI practices are little known. Among major academic journals that CI scholars appear, there have none of CI articles by Japanese scholars published so far. These draw our attention. We review cases in Japan that apply and adapt information and communications technology (ICT) to local community settings. Applying Williams and Durranceís framework encompassing community informatics practices, twelve community projects and groups were identified in the study (2007). The projects are categorized into four types based on different conceptions of ICT use in fulfilling community needs and objectives (Williams and Durrance, 2007). These are community groups, organizations, and projects that rely on (1) actual places, i.e., public computing places and cyber cafes, (2) virtual spaces, i.e. , community networks and online resources, (3) some combination of those two, and (4) organic, that is, borne out of community efforts not particularly concerned with technology but which now involve ICT. We chose an opportunistic sampling technique in order to find cases that fit in those four types of CI models. For the very first step, we draw on a small number of articles by Japanese scholars on the utilization of social network service developed by municipal offices using open source software for community development (Toyama, 2007; Shoji, 2007).

<author> Nathan, Lisa P.; Meyers, Eric M.; Unsworth, Kristene
<title> Who's Watching Your Children? Value Propositions in Preteen Virtual Worlds
<abstract> This poster presents a critical, values-oriented investigation of a specific space within the online universe: shared virtual playgrounds designed for preteens. Specifically we investigate three preteen worlds with a focus on the sitesí technical features designed to support value concerns (e.g. privacy, security, obedience) and critically examine the potential influence of these features from different stakeholder perspectives. We provide a conceptual framework for analyzing these online environments, drawing upon methods developed for investigating values and information systems. Finally, the poster will outline: 1) a field based investigation gathering designer, parent, and childrenís perceptions of preteen virtual worlds, 2) a research agenda for the critical study of childrenís virtual environments as value-laden artifacts, and 3) implications such work may hold for software developers, interaction designers, youth service providers, and researchers in library and information science and humancomputer interaction.

<author> Marshall, Joanne G.; Morgan, Jennifer Craft; Marshall, Victor W.; Barreau, Deborah; Moran, Barbara B.; Solomon, Paul; Rathbun-Grubb, Susan R.; Thompson, Cheryl A.
<title> Workforce Issues in Library and Information Science 2 (WILIS 2): Implementing a Model for Career Tracking of LIS Graduates
<abstract> WILIS 2 is a three year project (2007-2010) to create an alumni tracking system that all LIS masterís programs can potentially use. The project builds on WILIS 1, a comprehensive study of career patterns of graduates of LIS programs in North Carolina. LIS programs have generally lacked the time and resources to systematically survey their graduates. As a result, stakeholders lack an adequate understanding of what happens to LIS graduates. LIS educators, in particular, do not have ongoing data about the extent to which their programs meet studentsí expectations, prepare them for the workplace or meet continuing learning needs. Such an understanding will assist in educating and managing the LIS workforce more effectively.

<author> Hoon, Shane Anthony
<title> The Technological Teacher: How Educational Technology is Changing the Role of Teachers
<abstract> The objective of this poster, which reflects a small tranche of an overall larger thesis, is to critically investigate this technological shift in education and to understand what effects it is having on student learning, but more importantly, teaching practices. The overarching questions that this thesis examines are: How has the role of the teacher/educator changed as a result of new educational technology? What are some factors influencing teachersí use of technology in the classroom? Finally, how do teachers generally feel about educational technology?

<author> Hall, Catherine E.; Naughton, Robin A.; Lin, Xia
<title> Three Rs of Digital Collections
<abstract> People have a difficult time finding relevant digital collections even though there has been significant increase in openly accessible digital collections. In this poster, we describe our 3R system design for a digital collection repository that will facilitate user identification and interaction with digital collections, including mechanisms for reviewing, ranking, and recommending collections for the benefit of a social community.

<author> Rorissa, Abebe; Demissie, Dawit; Pardo, Theresa
<title> Toward a Common Framework for Computing E-Government Index
<abstract> Benchmarking and rankings, with the help of indexes and indicators, are common practices to gauge the status or standing and assess the progress of entities such as institutions & countries with respect to a characteristic or variable. Countries are often ranked with respect to, among other things, their economic, human, and technological development. International organizations such as the United Nations and the World Bank are among the leading institutions that undertake massive studies to produce rankings of countries on these and other variables. There are rankings of countries on healthcare, education, press freedom, environment & eco-friendliness, corruption, governance, e-readiness, e-government, e-commerce, peace, investment, as well as characteristics such as happiness and sports, to mention a few. These rankings use various types of indexes such as the human development index, e-readiness index, e-government index, and the global peace index. With respect to the computation of e-government indexes, there is lack of a common framework. In this work, we evaluate a number of frameworks and make relevant recommendations.

<author> Hsu, Ying-Feng; Zadorozhny, Vladimir I.
<title> Towards Algebraic Query Optimization in Process Data Warehouse
<abstract> We consider a novel query processing approach for data analysis in Process Data Warehouse system that performs summarization and discovery of trends in dynamic data from complex processes. In particular, we introduce an algebraic framework that can be used as a basis for algebraic optimization in PDW system.

<author> Simmons, Shannon N.; Grimes, Justin M.; Bonsignore, Elizabeth M.
<title> Tracking ìChangeî: The Importance of Applying Version Control to Government Resources
<abstract> Transparency and information access are crucial components of a successful democratic society. President-elect Obama has pledged to use all available technologies to make the government more transparent and accountable to its citi- zens. Version control provides a perfect example of one such technology which is useful for fostering accountability, in- creasing public con dence, and encouraging participation. However, as a new technology, the design and implemen- tation of version control raises important issues of public policy.

<author> Gosart, Ulia
<title> Traditional Knowledge Forum and Participation of Indigenous Peoples in the iSociety
<abstract> This poster presentation envisions the initial steps in fostering indigenous e-inclusion by proposing the creation of an intercultural, multi-disciplinary dialog between representatives of academia, indigenous communities, and policy makers. This dialog would take the form of a Traditional Knowledge Forum and would be based upon and promote the standards for the fair treatment of indigenous peoples as outlined in the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. The issues that will be addressed in the Forum include the protection and development of indigenous knowledge sources, the creation of a venue for meaningful cooperation and sharing of indigenous knowledge, and the establishment of an ethic for indigenous knowledge management.

<author> Dean, Rebecca
<title> Understanding humanitarian information infrastructure: An ethnographic case study of designing public health surveillance systems monitoring sexual violence and exploitation
<abstract> Sexual violence and exploitation (SVE) in conflict settings is an under reported phenomenon that has challenged service delivery and humanitarian intervention. A proposed solution to this problem is to create a global SVE surveillance system to monitor and assess SVE in conflict settings. This requires large scale collaboration and technical systems design among many humanitarian actors including United Nation agencies, international non-governmental associations, and communitybased organizations. While the solution to design the SVE surveillance system has been initiated, little is known about the existing information infrastructure that these groups currently use. A better understanding of the information infrastructure will inform the design and increase the chances of success in implementing a SVE surveillance system. Related studies conducted in information studies by Susan Leigh Star of large scale information infrastructures has provided a relevant methodological theory for this particular study, known as an ethnography of infrastructure. Ethnography of infrastructure relies on qualitative and naturalistic investigative methods such as in depth interviews. The study lends itself to generalizable knowledge about data sharing, humanitarian information infrastructure, and complex systems design.

<author> Wang, Ping; Tsui, Chia-jung; Fleischmann, Kenneth R.; Oard, Douglas W.; Wang, Lidan
<title> Understanding IT Innovations through Discourse Analysis
<abstract> The dynamic information field is characterized by the constant ebbs and flows of innovations in information technologies (IT). Accordingly, managing information and formulating policies in the iField require understanding IT innovations ñ what they are and will be, who develops and/or adopts them, and how innovations may be effectively developed, implemented, and used. Despite a relatively sustained research literature on IT innovations [2], our knowledge of innovations is still inadequate to effectively inform strategic information management and policy-making in the iField. For instance, the field is filled with numerous buzzwords and acronyms, making it hard to differentiate true progress from mere change. And most research and practice are focused on highly popular innovations such as Web 2.0 and cloud computing; little is known about why only some innovations come to be popular while others do not. The lack of understanding is in part caused by limited research designs that focus on only one or a few innovations, owing to the difficulty in analyzing large-scale data on multiple innovations. The present study seeks to address these limitations by offering a theoretical foundation and an analytical method for understanding the dynamic interactions among IT innovations. Theoretically, we posit that innovations emerge and evolve in an ecosystem. Each innovation can be likened to a species competing with or supporting others in a resource space. One important resource that every innovation relies on is attention from people and organizations. A certain innovation requires a certain type of attention. For example, the innovation of computer-aided software engineering (CASE) asks for attention mainly from system analysts and programmers. Their attention may also be ìnutritiousî to the innovation of object-oriented programming (OOP), but not so much to customer relationship management (CRM), which thrives on the attention from a different group of people. Because CASE and OOP ìconsumeî the same type of attention (i.e., from the same group of people), the two innovations are related. Innovations may be related for other reasons as well. For example, different innovations may be developed to solve similar problems, require common knowledge for understanding the problems or similar skills to implement the solutions, or share the practices or roles to be affected by the innovations. To the extent two innovations are related, attention may flow from one to the other. The relationship between a pair of innovations may take on different forms: They may compete with each other or they may complement each other.

<author> Coppin, Peter
<title> Using Dyslexia to Explore the Cognitive Characteristics of Illustrations and Text; Using Illustrations and Text to Explore the Cognitive Characteristics of Dyslexia
<abstract> Our information presentations reflect how we think and remember. For example, some people create ideas through concept maps or sketches, while some people use writing. How are ideas presented and/or conceived differently through graphic illustrations relative to text? Dyslexia serves as a natural laboratory to explore this question because the characteristics of a ìdisabilityî expose the characteristic of ability. Dyslexic strengths and weaknesses act as independent variables that enable us to explore the cognitive characteristics of illustrated and text presentations. By extending other studies, we conclude that illustrated presentations are more effective for peripheral vision (relative to text), and are useful for visual comparison. Text presentations may be more effective for foveal (center of) vision (relative to illustrations), which is useful for detecting sequential visual processes. Illustrated and text presentations can also act as independent variables that enable us to explore the cognitive characteristics of dyslexia. I will speculate about causes for increased creative abilities in dyslexics by connecting ìwide-angleî perceptual abilities to mental imagery and concept formation. Finally, I discuss illustrated and text oriented information presentations within the context of these conjectures.

<author> N.N.
<title> The Value of Public Sector Information as a Strategic Resource to Civil Society Organizationsí in South Africa: Evidence from the Fight to Eradicate Poverty
<abstract> The public sector in most countries is the biggest single producer and owner of a large variety of information. Governments create, collect, manage, and store vast quantities of data and information and increasingly try to disseminate much of it online (see Steinberg & Mayo, 2007). The data and information that are produced by and for public sector bodies include, for example, health and education data, geographic data, financial reports, social and economic statistics, legislation and judicial proceedings, food and water resources data, and many other kinds of data and information, collectively referred to as Public Sector Information (PSI). Given the special characteristics of the PSI (e.g., comprehensiveness, reliability, timeliness, and accuracy), this information is considered by different stakeholders to have economic, social, and political values (Uhlir, 2004; Abd Hadi & McBride, 2000; Sheriff, 2000; Young, 1992). These information resources are used broadly by public-sector organizations themselves, through intra- and inter-governmental exchange of information (see Sheriff, 2000; Abd Hadi & McBride, 2000); by privatesector companies in general and by information industry firms in particular as reusers, to use it in their operations or to produce value-added information products and services (Abd Hadi & McBride, 2000; Young, 1992); by scientific communities (e.g., employment information is now used extensively in the social sciences and in policy making; and data from public health organizations play a growing role in the advancement of life sciences) (see Arzberger et al., 2004) ; by individual users (e.g., for health and educational purposes and for making social and economic decisions); and by civil society organizations (e.g., the use of geospatial data, economic statistics, health and education information for poverty mapping and other related activities) (see CIESIN, 2006).

<author> Detlefsen, Ellen; Hersh, William; Schardt, Connie M.; Wildemuth, Barbara M.
<title> Alternative Approaches to Educating Medical Informationists
<abstract> Because the information world of medical professionals is complex and ever-expanding, a new set of information professionals is needed to serve as a liaison between that world of information and the world of medicine. Davidoff and Florance [1] raised many of these issues when they proposed the concept of the ìinformationistî ñ someone who possesses both clinical knowledge and information retrieval skills and expertise. The Institute of Medicine [7] also underscored the need for evidence-based information in the reduction of errors and the delivery of quality care, and identified the need for more training of clinicians in informatics skills and knowledge. Several alternative approaches to educating medical informationists have been proposed and/or field tested. One approach is to train librarians to become informationists. To illustrate this approach, Detlefsen [2] presented a case study of someone with an MLIS degree who uses Vanderbiltís on-the-job training program to gain additional medical expertise and move into an informationist position in an academic setting. She also encourages medical librarians to consider augmenting their training with a degree or certificate in medical informatics [3]. This is also the approach used at the NIH Library [8]. A second approach is to educate informationists through biomedical informatics programs like the one at the Oregon Health Sciences University [4]. A third approach is the AMIA 10x10 combination of a single course plus a one-day face-to-face session, covering a range of topics in medical informatics and related areas [6]. A fourth approach has been implemented through a dual degree program offered at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC) and Duke University [5]. In this program, medical students from Duke use their third year to complete the masterís degree in information science at UNC. During this roundtable discussion, proponents of these alternative approaches will be available to describe the advantages of the approach with which theyíre most familiar, and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of each approach. This roundtable will be of interest to all those involved in medical/health informatics education, or planning related programs. In this informal discussion setting, participants will be able to express their concerns and share their experiences.

<author> Griffiths, Jose-Marie; Roderer, Nancy K.; Prentice, Ann
<title> ASIS&Tís Information Professions Project: An Update
<abstract> In 2007, ASIS&T established a Task Force on Information Professionals to look at ways to recognize and promote the information professions broadly defined. Highlights of activity to date have been a commissioned study of masterís level programs in the US and Canada educating information professionals, and an initial meeting of information professional organizations to consider possible actions. Three members of the task force will discuss its work and related efforts.

<author> Zhang, Ping; Moran, Barbara B.; Druin, Allison; Renear, Allen H.; Phillips, David; Barzilai-Zahon, Karine
<title> Challenges and Opportunities for PhD Education in I-Schools
<abstract> In this roundtable discussion, we will identify challenges and brainstorm opportunities for PhD education in the new i-school movement.

<author> Currier, James "Kip"; Atwood, Michael; Trauth, Eileen
<title> Diversity
<abstract> The student bodies and faculties of most, if not all, iSchools lack sufficient diversity. To build diverse student bodies, provide resources and services to support students from under-represented groups, and offer a more multi-culturally-representative educational experience for all students that mirrors the U.S.ís changing census demographics and global interconnectivity, many iSchools are striving to increase enrollments of minority students and faculty members within their institutions. However, despite a philosophical commitment and demonstrable outlay of diversity-focused curricula, programs, materials, staff, and funding within these respective institutions and throughout the LIS field as a whole, many iSchools are experiencing difficulties in identifying and recruiting Masterís and PhD students and faculty members from under-represented groups. As an example, a recent exploratory study of seven iSchools indicates that of 203 faculty members, 23 are Asian Pacific, six are African American, four are Hispanic, and one is Native American. The latter three are far below the percentage of these groups within the greater population. In an effort to address these concerns, the University of Pittsburgh School of Information Sciences (SIS), in cooperation with other academic institutions throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, is initiating a planning effort to develop a long-term initiative. A recently approved Andrew W. Mellon Foundation grant will enable SIS, in collaboration with two other founding iSchools ñ Drexel University and Pennsylvania State University ñ to begin a year-long planning effort to develop an annual four-week Summer Institute on Graduate Study in the Information Sciences (SIGSIS) for promising undergraduate juniors and seniors who demonstrate strong potential to earn doctoral degrees and become members of iSchool faculties. The goals of the yearly Summer Institutes are to provide these select juniors and seniors with (1) supportive, hands-on mentors, (2) information and tools imparted by a dedicated cadre of faculty and staff, and (3) a rich, on-campus experience that augments their individual knowledge foundations, familiarizes them with the academic environment, and promotes their success within that milieu. The University of Pittsburghís Summer Institute (SIGSIS) is modeled on Wheaton Collegeís Summer Institute for Literary and Cultural Studies (SILCS), based in Norton, Massachusetts. Wheaton Collegeís SILCS is a four-week institute ìto promote diversity in the field of Englishî and ìto increase the number of students from diverse backgrounds who would be applying to graduate programsî.

<author> Fiore, Andrew T.; Antin, Judd; Cheshire, Coye; Sims, Christo
<title> Engaging Across Disciplines
<abstract> The multidisciplinary approach adopted by iSchools is a source of both strength and confusion. Novel research agendas and approaches emerge from the cross-pollination of ideas among students and faculty with diverse backgrounds, but situating such work within existing academic frameworks and publishing it in existing academic venues can prove difficult. Even in schools that value a diversity of disciplinary perspectives, disagreement about appropriate methods and standards of evidence can complicate collaboration in research, evaluation of students, and even promotion cases for faculty. We propose a roundtable discussion of the pragmatics of multidisciplinary work at iSchools and, indeed, any organization at the intersection of diverse theories and practices. In particular, we will focus on discussing three key topics around multidisciplinary research at iSchools: 1. Methodology ó How do researchers, students, and faculty select appropriate methods for their work? Is this selection really driven solely by the nature of the research questions? Does the Principal Investigator's background determine the methodology? When researchers with diverse backgrounds disagree about how to frame research questions or approach empirical work, how do they select a perspective or combine multiple perspectives to create a feasible research program? What best practices have emerged for selecting methods and for designing multi-method research in multidisciplinary projects? 2. Discourse ó The manner in which researchers talk about research topics, studied populations, methods, and findings can present a formidable barrier to effective engagement across disciplines. What specific terminology and/or broader modes of discourse carry values and biases in multidisciplinary research? How can we maximize the efficacy of research discussions while preserving the integrity of ideas within disciplines and avoiding the controversies that can arise from discourse conflict? 3. Publication ó What are the best strategies for writing and publishing multidisciplinary papers on topics of interest to iSchools? How do current publishing standards and venues present challenges (e.g. journal-focus vs. conference-focus)? How can those challenges be overcome?

<author> Yen, John; Foley, Hank; Larsen, Ron; Liddy, Elizabeth; Giles, Lee; Carroll, John; McNeese, Michael; Maitland, Carleen
<title> Extreme Events and I Schools
<abstract> ìExtreme eventsî are events so intense that they prompt lasting structural change in the technological, economic, social or psychological makeup of society. Anthropogenic extreme events (AEEs) differ from natural extreme events (NEEs) not only in cause, but also in effect ñ especially social and behavioral sciences. In the aftermath of extreme political violence, for example, a terrorist attack, the numbers of post traumatic stress disorders (PTSDs) and other related mental health problems are much higher than they are after a natural disaster because of this collateral effect on indirect victims. The recent financial crisis is another example of AEEs that resulted in huge economical and psychological impacts to our society. The goal of the round table is to discuss the role of i schools in engaging in research and education activities related to the prevention, the mitigation, and the response of extreme events. Some of the questions the roundtable will attempt to address include the following: ï Are i schools well positioned to address research regarding extreme events? ï How do research about extreme events contribute to the challenges of the next millenium? ï How do research about extreme events contribute to the engagements of i schools with the society? ï How do research about extreme events contribute to the international/global engagement of i schools?

<author> Ho, Shuyuan Mary; Treglia, Joseph Vincent
<title> Feasibility Discussion on Identifying Possibility for a National Behavioral Anomaly Detection Platform
<abstract> The purpose of this panel is to identify and discuss high-level parameters and social issues regarding the implementation of a national behavioral anomaly detection platform. This platform would provide a ìstatistical firewallî to protect the rights of individual privacy, while also supporting the governmentís obligation to protect the populace. We plan to initiate discussion of investigating the development of a framework to identify potentially incidences of malicious behavior, patterns or activity across a wide variety of industries through an automated analysis of data anomalies from multiple data sources. The result of this panel discussion would be an evaluation of feasibility, of standardized inputs, further definition on the framework and engine, and the identification of the legal and social issues attending such a capability.

<author> Nicholson, Scott; MacInnes, Ian
<title> Gaming in the iSchools: Continuing the Discussion
<abstract> The goal of this roundtable is to attract iSchool researchers who are exploring gaming research projects. This will be a sharing roundtable, with the hope of allowing researchers to make connections between schools and across disciplines. Those looking to get involved in gaming research are also welcome to attend and discover potential partnerships. A similar roundtable at the 2008 iConference was well attended and resulted in several collaboration opportunities. The field continues to grow and generate interest in many areas of universities. The goal this year will be to extend our efforts in the hope of creating multi-disciplinary and multi-institutional grant proposals that will allow iSchools to take their turn at the gaming table.

<author> Sugimoto, Shigeo; Urs, Shalini; Lim, Ee-Peng
<title> Inclusivity, Diversity and Convergence: the CiSAP (Consortium of i-Schools of Asia-Pacifi
<abstract> Inclusivity ñ how to be inclusive of the privileged as well as the not so privileged; diversity ñ how to manage the diverse cultures and systems; convergence ñhow do we discover the unifying thread of flowing together ñ these are the issues this Round Table will address. This Round Table will focus on the characteristics, requirements, challenges and opportunities, for i-Education and i-Research in the Asia Pacific region. It will also tell the story of CiSAP ñ an initiative to foster and support iSchools in the region.

<author> Mokros, Hartmut B.; Detlefsen, Ellen; Plale, Beth; Oesterlund, Carsten Svarr; Reddy, Madhu C.
<title> iSchool Health and Medical Research Initiatives and Opportunities
<abstract> The Annual iConference offers an important opportunity for information sharing among member iSchools. Proposed for iConference 09 is a Roundtable Discussion that provides a forum for information sharing about existing and planned iSchool initiatives, and discussion of opportunities related to Health and Medical Research. Because of the transdisciplinary scope of research problems and practical demands in relation to Health and Medical Research, initiatives in these areas offer significant opportunities for cross-disciplinary research collaboration and interdisciplinary partnership with other units in the development of professional training programs.

<author> Mathiesen, Kay; Fallis, Don; Froelich, Thomas; Srinivasan, Ramesh; Doty, Philip; Lenhart, Laura
<title> iSchools and Philosophy: ìI think, therefore iSchoolî
<abstract> We propose a roundtable discussion on the role of philosophers, and philosophical topics and methods, in the mission of the iSchools, including research, education, and outreach.

<author> Edwards, Phillip M.; MacMullen, W. John; Paquette, Scott; Winget, Megan
<title> Junior Faculty Engagement at iSchools: Personal Experience during the First Several Years
<abstract> This roundtable discussion will explore how junior faculty at iSchools have been able to embed their research, teaching, and service activities within their schools, the larger institutions, and broader communities. The session will also focus on the ways in which junior faculty have received guidance in their roles--from the job search through the first several years in a tenure-track position. Roundtable leaders represent a variety of institutions and experiences--as faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign [WJM], the University of Maryland [SP], the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill [PME], and the University of Texas at Austin [MW], and with doctoral-level preparation at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill [WJM, MW], the University of Toronto [SP], and the University of Washington [PME]. While the annual junior faculty mentoring event at the iConference specifically targets junior faculty as participants, this roundtable session offers a more inclusive environment for the discussion of this topic, specifically engaging doctoral students and senior faculty as well as their junior colleagues.

<author> Dean, Rebecca; Finn, Megan; Irani, Lilly; Lindtner, Silvia; Nguyen, Lilly Uyen; Patil, Sameer; Perkel, Dan; Sims, Christo
<title> Navigating multi-disciplinary spaces
<abstract> We propose a roundtable discussion to report results of the first UC Information Studies Lab workshop and discuss implications with a broader audience. The workshop is conceived and organized by doctoral students for doctoral students from the three "iSchools" in the University of California system: UC Berkeley's School of Information, UC Irvine's Department of Informatics, and UCLA's Department of Information Studies in the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies. The UC Information Studies Lab will host the doctoral workshop on January 22-23, 2009. This proposal includes details about the objectives of the workshop, motivation, work-to-date, and intended audience. We hope to report and discuss the planning, results and experiences from the workshop at the iConference.

<author> Lesk, Michael; Crowston, Kevin; Haythornthwaite, Caroline
<title> Online teaching experiences
<abstract> Many I-schools now offer online courses. What are the experiences we have teaching online as compared with on-campus, and what can we learn from each other? This roundtable will let participants discuss how our experiences with different software platforms, our use of asynchronous and synchronous communication, and of different communication modalities. We can also consider the effect of class size, the kind of course, and degree level. All conference attendees are invited to participate.

<author> DeLap, Alpha Selene; Buchanan, Elizabeth; Edwards, Phillip M.; Ess, Charles M.; Mason, Robert M.
<title> A Bridge to Somewhere: Alternative Perspectives on Reviewing Internet Research and e-Research
<abstract> The goals of this session are to promote discussion of current institutional review board processes and procedures related to internet research and to develop alternative review procedures.

<author> Pomerantz, Jeffrey; Mostafa, Javed; Aparac Jeluöic, Tatjana; Qin, Jian; Tammaro, Anna Maria; Weech, Terry
<title> Developing a Joint EU-US Digital Library Curriculum
<abstract> In this wildcard session we will extend some early work planning a framework for developing an international curriculum fr teaching about digital libraries. Workshop attendees will be asked to conduct a SWOT analysis of DL education in their institutions and in countries, which will be followed by roundtable discussions.

<author> Chu, Clara M.; Williams, Kate
<title> Engaging Community: Methods and Values in Community Informatics
<abstract> Just as recently as October 2008 the 5th Prato Community Informatics & Development Informatics Conference 2008 focused on how 'social inclusion' or e-inclusion is understood as it applies to communities in their interaction with technology. Social inclusion and e-inclusion seem to be the terms of de rigueur as digital divide was in the 1990s when considering technology in communities/society or more specifically, communities sans information and communication technologies (ICTs). Metaphorically, previously we offered a bridge for those to cross over to the technology side and now perhaps an open door that allows communities/people to come into technology. If in i-Schools, Community Informatics (CI) is to be used to describe the academic discipline and practice for systematically approaching Information Systems from a ìcommunityî perspective (Gurstein); then, these dichotomous frameworks of in/out, haves/have-nots, rich/poor and now, include/exclude do not speak to the spirit of collaboration and openness which is vital in employing ICTs to carry out community processes to attain community objectives. It is not who we as information professional and scholars let in or out but it is about both information specialists and community engaging in a process to bring our respective tools, skills, knowledge, values and traditions as an act of community building in applying appropriate technologies. A process Clara M. Chu calls social engagement/participation or e-engagement/participation. Such reframing of CI is a propos the i-Conference 2009 theme: ìWhat is ëengagementí in a research institution? Community informatics in the i-Schools needs to be about a practice and discipline grounded on eengagement where the research we practice respects communities, identifies how technologies can be tapped to produce results they want/need and can sustain. What have 15 years of research taught us about how to do that? An extra complexity for this emerging field of study is that today, new methods are in use, in part because computers are more ubiquitous, the increasing interdisciplinary training of our scholars and the recognition of multiplicity of voices in the intellectual project. Action research and participatory design got community informatics started in the 1990s, when information technology was new and less widespread. Today these methods are joined by surveys, interviews, and observation; GIS, text mining, and archives; and more. And new frameworks are applied: social network theory, asset based community development, social capital (from Bourdieu to Putnam), and many others. In the past we looked at projects carried out in communities, often with technology as an end in itself, often with universities as partners. As IT has evolved and diffused, ways of combining local concerns and new technology are myriad, and researchers have adopted new ways of studying this. Today researchers can find people and groups in communities carrying out their own projects, using technology simply as one useful tool in their environment. How do old and new methods work in these settings? We are proposing a wildcard submission under the conference theme of ìWhat is ëengagementí in a research institution?,î with participants from diverse institutions involved in CI. Our wildcard session will comprise a 90-minute forum in which faculty and doctoral studentsówith varied academic and professional backgroundsóshare the methods that we practice, explain, and promote (teach to future scholars and professionals), with a deliberate focus on communities over technologies. In the discussion of methods we expect theoretical, methodological, epistemological issues to be raised. The anticipated outcome of this session will be a better understanding of the challenges and lessons learned when working with communities, reproducible methods for CI, and a resource list of scholars, projects and publications associated with these methods, all of which can contribute to the teaching of CI. This wildcard session builds on the successful preconference community informatics workshop at the 2006 iSchools Conference at the University of Michigan, and the Agenda for Community Technologies and Networking wildcard session http://communitytech.wikispaces.com/ at the 2008 iSchools Conference at UCLA, which attracted more than 40 people. Our attempt this year is to focus the discussion on methods and values in order to discipline ourselves. Merriam-Webster provides two definitions of this word, each of them relevant: 1. ìA field of study,î where the field is the local community in the digital age 2. ìTraining that corrects, molds, or perfects the mental faculties or moral characterî where we are sharpening our research techniques and clarifying our values. Without reproducible methods, we are not practicing research. Without a focus on communities over technologies, we risk becoming technicians tinkering with social systems, which we may not understand. This is particularly important because the communities that interest most of us are disempowered and embattled.

<author> Oard, Douglas W.; Baron, Jason R.; Tibbo, Helen; Ambacher, Bruce; He, Daqing; Moore, Reagan W.; Marciano, Richard
<title> Geeks in the Archive: iSchools and the future of Archival Technology
<abstract> -

<author> Clement, Andrew; Phillips, David; Boa, Krista; Ferenbok, Joseph; McPhail, Brenda
<title> I-dentity stories: An exploration of identification practices and policies through everyday experience
<abstract> This proposal for a Wildcard Session at the iConference outlines how why and how we will report stories of individual everyday experiences with identity documentation as well as solicit thematically related stories from session participants.

<author> Crowston, Kevin; Ribes, David; Sawyer, Steve; Wiggins, Andrea
<title> Little eScience, Big eScience
<abstract> eScience refers to the use of information and communications technologies (ICT) to support scientific work. eScience is relevant to the iConference as eScience is both a potential mode of research and a topic of research that is particularly relevant to iSchools. However, we note that the most visible applications of eScience are in the ìbigî sciences and it is not clear if or how these ideas can be transferred to the ìlittle sciencesî. We propose a panel to address this question. The panelists will discuss how eScience ideas might apply in the ìlittleî sciences, and some of the challenges and open research questions involved in such an application.

<author> Ratto, Matt; Lyons, Kelly; Phillips, David; Clement, Andrew; Hockema, Stephen
<title> Making and doing: critical and cross-disciplinary engagement within interdisciplinary iSchools
<abstract> Introduction: Like many iSchools, the Faculty of Information at the University of Toronto integrates a variety of disciplinary fields (LIS, Records Management, Information Systems and Design, Critical and Cultural theory, Policy, Technology Studies, etc.) and a diversity of institutional foci (libraries, archives, museums, universities, government, corporate contexts, etc.) Such diversity is both an asset and a challenge for the Faculty as we seek to provide professional and academic training for our masters and PhD students and look to engage in collaborative work among faculty members. Importantly, the types of skills and experiences that we collectively bring to bear and the kinds of issues and questions addressed by faculty and graduate students transgress more than just standard disciplinary barriers. In order to address the important social, cultural, and political questions posed by the continuing transformation of information practices, the boundary between material and technical work and reflexive, critical, social scholarship must be bridged. This is a crucial challenge for iSchools ñ how do we bring various perspectives, interests, and backgrounds to bear while staying connected through an emphasis on common theoretical concerns?

<author> Kwiatkowska, Agnieszka
<title> Online Data Collection: The Current State of ìClickî Research
<abstract> The increase in online data collection in the past few years has been expected and stellar. Surveys from many sources and many natures appear daily on the World Wide Web. This phenomenon can be attributed to numerous reasons; however the most significant would be the increase of access points through the proliferation of the Internet and the rising number of online users. These access points enable researchers to reach new (previously unreachable) subjects, thus breaking down past limitations such as geographical proximity. Another reason is the relatively low cost of online surveys, which basically decreases the overhead from the traditional surveys such as paper and phone calls. Also the flexibility of a web based instrument is very appealing for both researchers and participants, both of whom could equally enjoy the benefits and the ease of these surveys. On the researcherís end, the combination of relatively powerful computing and analysis software with the swiftness and accessibility of online surveys rendered their tasks efficient and appealing. Last, but not least, compensation venues such online stores facilitated a very expeditious rewarding system to participants. This fact increased the interest and the motivation to join an online participant panel.

<author> Kendall, Lori; Haythornthwaite, Caroline; Fisher, Karen; Kelly, Diane; Tapia, Andrea
<title> Teaching Research Methods in iSchools (fishbowl format)
<abstract> -

<author> Dean, Rebecca; Irani, Lilly; Lau, Andrew; Nguyen, Lilly Uyen; Pendse, Liladhar
<title> Towards a Postcolonial Information Studies
<abstract> This panel will present several research efforts that sit at the intellectual convergence of post-colonial studies and information studies. Post-colonial studies provide a theoretical leveraging ground from which to consider themes of hybridity, multiplicity, globalization, transnationality, and alterity in relation to power and informational phenomena. From this view, efforts to bring together post-colonial perspectives to information studies encourage us to examine the historically contingent processes of the design, implementation, and use of information in global and multi-cultural contexts. As such, a post-colonial perspective can provide a lens from which to look at the way information and its artefacts travel and the implications for such migrations. However, these efforts are still nascent. This panel will be a collective opportunity to discuss the possible contours and boundaries of such an intellectual endeavor. As such, the panel will discuss some of the following questions: ï What is the relevance of postcolonial approach to information studies? ï What would and could a post-colonial information studies look like? ï What are the theoretical assumptions, opportunities, and limitations of a postcolonial information studies approach? ï What kinds of new research questions can be explored within a post-colonial information studies framework? ï What kinds of new locations and sites of inquiry emerge within this framework? ï What ethics and values guide a post-colonial information studies approach?

