
<author> Morishima, Atsuyuki; Shiori, Tomita; Kawashima, Takanori; Harada, Takashi; Uda, Norihiko; Sato, Sho; Abematsu, Yukihiko
<title> A Crowdsourcing Approach for Finding Misidentifications of Bibliographic Records
<abstract> Because there is no perfect technique for automatic identification of bibliographic records, cleaning the identification results manually is indispensable. However, to recruit human resources for the task is often difficult. This paper discusses a microtask-based crowdsourcing approach to the problem. An important issue is to design a good strategy for generating tasks to be assigned to workers, maintaining the quality and reducing the number of tasks. In this study, we explore a design space defined by two criteria to reduce the number of assigned microtasks for finding misidentifications caused by automatic identification techniques. We compare four task-generation strategies using bibliographic records of the National Diet Library. One of the strategies reduced 55.7% of tasks from the baseline strategy and statistic analysis showed that the quality of its result is comparable to those of the other three strategies.

<author> Scholl, Hans J.; Scholl, Margit C.
<title> Smart Governance: A Roadmap for Research and Practice
<abstract> In the early 21st century, societies and their governments around the world have been meeting unprecedented challenges, many of which surpass the capacities, capabilities, and reaches of their traditional institutions and their classical processes of governing. Among these challenges are the need for an accelerated transition of the global economy from its current fossil fuel basis to renewable energies, the so-called post-carbon era also known as the third industrial revolution, the containment and reduction of government spending and debt financing, the increasing rapidity of market changes, and the expanding lag of timely interventions via traditional lawmaking and government action. While upholding the proven principles of Western democracy, democratic self-governance in 21st century market economies apparently needs to develop new institutional formats and novel mechanisms for staying abreast with the systemic dynamics of a tightly interconnected global society. We claim that actionable and omnipresent information along with its underlying technologies are substantial prerequisites and backbones for developing models of smart (democratic) governance, which foster smart, open, and agile governmental institutions as well as stakeholder participation and collaboration on all levels and in all branches of the governing process. We present and discuss an agenda for research and practice, which advances the concept of smart, open, and participatory government of the 21st century.

<author> Tang, Rong; Quigley, Elizabeth
<title> The Effect of Undergraduate Library Users' Dyadic Diversity Attributes on Interactive Tabletop Collaboration, Performance, and Perception
<abstract> Sixty undergraduate students were paired up and participated in a usability study of the Library Explorer software on a Microsoft PixelSense Tabletop. Specific investigation into the impact of diversity attributes on collaboration style, collaboration quality, task performance, and participants' perception revealed interesting patterns. Problem solving ideas were coded as suggestions. Gender composition and task performance were found to be significantly associated with the frequency of suggestions' non-acceptance. Results show that during participants' collaborative discovery on interactive tabletops, gender and racial diversities, while directly influenced their collaboration styles and processes, did not impact their team performance. Diversity attributes that significantly correlated with team effectiveness included native language diversity, differences in tabletop use experiences, usability ratings, and the frequency of suggestions not being accepted. Findings of the study not only enrich the understanding of the connection between team compositional diversity and collaboration styles, but also provide insights on how team members' suggestion behaviors may help capture the dynamics of collaboration on interactive tabletops.

<author> Lee, Jin Ha; Karlova, Natascha; Clarke, Rachel Ivy; Thornton, Katherine; Perti, Andrew
<title> Facet Analysis of Video Game Genres
<abstract> Genre is an important feature for organizing and accessing video games. However, current descriptors of video game genres are unstandardized, undefined, and embedded with multiple information dimensions. This paper describes the development of a more complex and sophisticated scheme consisting of 12 facets and 358 foci for describing and representing video game genre information. Using facet analysis, the authors analyzed existing genre labels from scholarly, commercial, and popular sources, and then synthesized them into discrete categories of indexing terms. This new, more robust scheme provides a framework for improved intellectual access to video games along multiple dimensions.

<author> Morrison, Stacey; Gomez, Ricardo
<title> Pushback: The Growth of Expressions of Resistance to Constant Online Connectivity
<abstract> As a result of the increasing connectivity provided by smartphones, wireless Internet availability, and portable devices such as laptops and tablets, technology users can and often are continuously connected to the Internet and its communication services. However, many technology users who first embraced constant connectivity are now pushing back, looking for ways to resist the constant call to be permanently connected. This pushback behavior is starting to appear in the popular press, in personal blogs, and in a small number of academic studies. "Pushback" is a growing phenomenon among frequent technology users seeking to establish boundaries, resist information overload, and establish greater personal life balance. This study examines a growing body of both academic and non-academic literature in which we identified five primary motivations and five primary behaviors related to pushback by communication technology users. Primary pushback motivations include emotional dissatisfaction, external values, taking control, addiction, and privacy. Primary pushback behaviors are behavior adaptation, social agreement, no problem, tech control, and back to the woods. The implications of these motivations and behaviors surrounding pushback to communication technology are discussed

<author> Jardine, Fiona M.
<title> Information Access as a Human Right: Guantánamo Bay Detention Camp Compared to Supermax and Military Prisons of the United States
<abstract> Information access rights are an important component of international human rights. Information access rights and realities at Guantánamo Bay Detention Camp are compared and contrasted with those at supermax and military prisons within the United States and are analyzed within the context of international human rights. The effects of limiting information access are considered in relation to both detainee wellbeing and to the reputation of the United States as a global leader in human rights.

<author> Bilic, Pasko; Bulian, Luka
<title> Lost in Translation: Contexts, Computing, Disputing on Wikipedia
<abstract> Wikipedia is an open collaboration, global, multilingual project. Its guidelines and policies direct the collaboration process into a vision of objective and neutral encyclopedic knowledge. However, coherence of that knowledge, and the outcomes of the collaborative process on the same topic, can sometimes vary dramatically across different languages. Our goal was to explore what these differences are, and to see how they are contextualized in a case of a contested and conflictive topic. The empirical focus was on the Republic of Kosovo, a recently formed country in Southeast Europe still seeking full international recognition. The study explores the social, cultural and political tensions through following the contextualization of this topic in three different Wikipedia communities: Serbian, Croatian and English. A constructivist (Charmaz, 1998) and substantive grounded theory of the process was created by following a two-step coding process. Three coders were active in different stages of the process. Discussions and comparisons of emergent codes, within and between three different communities, were conducted regularly. The core concept of our theory was neutrality dispute. It is based on four aspects: identities and viewpoints, their input into the process of content editing, relations between the editors, and the process of conflict management. The main drivers of conflict and/or consensus, within and across languages were different types of group identifications in relation to the topic of Kosovo and Wikipedia in general. Wiki software and Wikipedia's rules help in managing multiple conflicts, although the political and cultural contentiousness of the topic existing in the offline context was also reproduced in the collaborative process.

<author> Leeder, Chris
<title> Pilot-testing an Online Credibility Evaluation Learning Tool
<abstract> In light of students' reliance on the Internet, their general lack of IL skills and unsophisticated criteria for evaluating online information, and the lack of consistent institutional IL training, new pedagogical models are needed to teach effective online IL skills. This research addresses the need for today's students to learn to effectively evaluate online information and describes pilot tests of a prototype online credibility evaluation learning tool. Results of online and in-person pilot tests showed that students had positive responses to the tool and indicated that they found it useful and effective. Concrete suggestions for improving the tool were generated. This research investigates a new pedagogical model to teach IL and credibility evaluation skills situated in the online information environment.

<author> Lee, Jin Ha; Hu, Xiao
<title> Cross-cultural Similarities and Differences in Music Mood Perception
<abstract> Prior research suggests that listeners from different cultural backgrounds appreciate music differently. Although music mood/emotion is an important part of music seeking and appreciation, few cross-cultural music information retrieval (MIR) studies focus on music mood. Moreover, existing studies on cross-cultural music perception often only compare listeners from two cultures, in most cases, Western vs. Non-western cultures. In order to fill these gaps, this study compares music mood perceptions of listeners from three distinct cultures: American, Korean, and Chinese. Our findings reveal that the perceptions of the three cultural groups are generally different, but in many aspects, Korean listeners are situated in between listeners from the two other cultures. This paper describes the comparison of the three cultural groups from the perspectives of mood perceptions, musical (stimuli) characteristics, and listeners' (subjects) characteristics. The findings of this study have implications for the design of cross-cultural and global MIR systems.

<author> Langa, Lesley A.
<title> Does Twitter Help Museums Engage with Visitors?
<abstract> Even though Twitter is a fairly new web 2.0 tool, U.S. museum leaders are extoling the platform as a necessary component to any online programming or presence in museums today. Because of the myriad ways museums can use the platform to perform educational, marketing, or engagement-focused programming research on U.S. museums and Twitter is generally very broad, and because of the newness of the platform research in the museum informatics literature is exploratory. The present study seeks to understand more about the relationship building that museums are engaging in using Twitter. Thus, this study explores the ways in which museums engage with online users in their Twitter feeds through coding the content and frequency of a sample of U.S. museums on Twitter. Through this evaluation the present study seeks to understand how engagement is being practiced from the kinds of dialogue museums are conducting with online users.

<author> Bauer, Jared S.; Newman, Mark W.; Kientz, Julie A.
<title> Thinking About Context: Design Practices for Information Architecture with Context-Aware Systems
<abstract> The ubiquity of low-cost, sensor-rich, mobile computing devices has meant that designing context-aware systems is now a common concern in Information Architecture. Because of how prevalent context-aware systems have become, the way in which practitioners design context-aware systems is of great importance. While design frameworks and models have been proposed for context-aware computing systems, there has not yet been research that focuses on how designers' views of context influence Information Architecture practices. To address this, we present an empirical analysis of 11 in-depth interviews with designers of a variety of context-aware systems. Our analysis of these interviews, along with a review of the artifacts produced during the design of these systems, uses the theoretical lens of professional vision to illuminate how designers view, use, and account for context in the design process. Our analysis of the artifacts and interviews reveals that designers' perspectives on context adapted as they addressed the most salient and timely constraints. This results in the designer shifting between representational and interactional views of context rather than having one fixed perspective. This finding suggests that the methods of information architects for context-aware systems need to accommodate shifting perspective on context. We present details of this activity to contribute insight into the practice of information architecture for context-aware systems.

<author> Palmer, Carole L.; Thompson, Cheryl A.; Baker, Karen S.; Senseney, Megan
<title> Meeting Data Workforce Needs: Indicators Based on Recent Data Curation Placements
<abstract> iSchools have been steadily advancing data curation education and practice in response to workforce demands. This paper reports on a formative evaluation of the Specialization in Data Curation at the University of Illinois, aimed at understanding job preparedness and work experiences of graduates and areas for improvement in data curation education. Survey results are complemented by additional graduate placement analysis. Employment and career satisfaction were high. Internships, practicum, and assistantships were considered key employability factors. Duties emphasize liaison and consulting, user instruction, data management, metadata, and policy development. About half of all placements were in academic libraries, with the second largest group in the corporate sector. This study, focused on the earliest formal LIS program in the U.S. dedicated to curating research data, provides important evidence of data curation responsibilities in the workforce and perceived educational gaps that can guide planning, design, and improvement of data curation programs.

<author> Diesner, Jana; Pak, Susie; Kim, Jinseok; Soltani, Kiumars; Aleyasen, Amirhossein
<title> Computational Assessment of the Impact of Social Justice Documentaries
<abstract> Documentaries are meant to tell a story, that is, to create memory, imagination and sharing (Rose, 2012). Moreover, documentaries aim to lead to change in people's knowledge and/ or behavior (Barrett & Leddy, 2008). How can we know if a documentary has achieved these goals? We report on a research project where we have been developing, applying and evaluating a theoretically-grounded, empirical and computational solution for assessing the impact of social justice documentaries in a scalable, robust and rigorous fashion. We leverage cutting-edge methods from socio-technical data analytics - namely natural language processing and network analysis - for this purpose and provide a publicly available technology (ConText) that supports these routines. In this paper, we focus on the theoretical foundations of this project, address our methodological and technical framework, and provide an illustrative example of the introduced solution.

<author> Bi, Nanyi; Birnholtz, Jeremy; Fussell, Susan
<title> Intercultural Awareness: Cultural and Relational Effects on Awareness Information Gathering Behavior
<abstract> Awareness information, information about others' presence and activities that allows us to determine their availability for conversation, plays an important role in workplace communication, as people often gather and act on it in the process of negotiating mutual availability. This paper presents a laboratory experiment examining how gathering awareness information is affected by the cultural backgrounds and mutual familiarity of collaborators. Results suggest that members of cultures considered more relationship-oriented (e.g., China) gathered awareness information less frequently than members of cultures that are more task-oriented (e.g., the United States). We argue that this is because of the different motivations for interaction prioritized by these cultures. We did not find any effect for familiarity, but provide several alternative explanations for this result.

<author> Zhang, Yanjun; Cui, Hong; Burkell, Jacquelyn; Mercer, Robert E.
<title> A Machine Learning Approach for Rating the Quality of Depression Treatment Web Pages
<abstract> As health care information proliferates on the web, the content quality is varied and difficult to assess, partially due to the large volume and the dynamicity. This paper reports an automated approach in which the quality of depression treatment web pages is assessed according to evidence-based depression treatment guidelines. A supervised machine learning technique, specifically Naive Bayes classification, is used to identify the sentences that are consistent with the guidelines. The quality score of a depression treatment web page is the number of unique evidence-based guidelines covered in this page. Significant Pearson correlation (p<.001) was found between the quality rating results by the machine learning approach and the results by human raters on 31 depression treatment web pages in this case study. The semantic-based, machine learning quality rating method is promising and it may lead to an efficient and effective quality assessment mechanism for health care information on the Web.

<author> Tang, Rong; Quigley, Elizabeth
<title> The Effect of Undergraduate Library Users' Dyadic Diversity Attributes on Interactive Tabletop Collaboration, Performance, and Perception
<abstract> Sixty undergraduate students were paired up and participated in a usability study of the Library Explorer software on a Microsoft PixelSense Tabletop. Specific investigation into the impact of diversity attributes on collaboration style, collaboration quality, task performance, and participants' perception revealed interesting patterns. Problem solving ideas were coded as suggestions. Gender composition and task performance were found to be significantly associated with the frequency of suggestions' non-acceptance. Results show that during participants' collaborative discovery on interactive tabletops, gender and racial diversities, while directly influenced their collaboration styles and processes, did not impact their team performance. Diversity attributes that significantly correlated with team effectiveness included native language diversity, differences in tabletop use experiences, usability ratings, and the frequency of suggestions not being accepted. Findings of the study not only enrich the understanding of the connection between team compositional diversity and collaboration styles, but also provide insights on how team members' suggestion behaviors may help capture the dynamics of collaboration on interactive tabletops.

<author> Dupuis, Marc J.; Menking, Amanda M.; Mason, Robert M.
<title> Perceptions of Walls: An Exploration of Trait Affect and Personality in a Cross Cultural Study of Perception of Risks Related to the Edward Snowden Case
<abstract> In this within subjects study, we explored the role of trait affect, personality, and culture on an individual's information seeking behavior about the Edward Snowden case. We also considered how these factors may affect an individual's perception of risks related to Snowden's actions. We used Amazon's Mechanical Turk to conduct two surveys five weeks apart with respondents in both India and the U.S. After accounting for differences in age, education, and gender, early findings suggest that trait affect and personality are associated with how people acquire and understand information as well as the information sources they choose to use. We also found that culture played a significant role in shaping how our respondents perceived the Snowden case and the implications of risk associated with his actions. Since our study is explorative and our respondent sample was limited by our survey method, these findings warrant further analyses.

<author> Asad, Mariam; Fox, Sarah; Le Dantec, Christopher A.
<title> Speculative Activist Technologies
<abstract> This paper explores the specific needs activists have of the technologies they use to manage their operations and promote their causes. To begin this exploration, we conducted two critical making workshops with participants who self-identified as activists and used craft materials -- such as cardboard, color markers, pipe cleaners, etc. -- to create speculative technologies to find commonalities across different forms of activist work, be it technological, organizational, or procedural. The needs and concerns expressed in the workshops were articulated through the participants' designs; they materialized their critiques, reflections, and explorations through their crafted prototypes. These prototypes point to opportunities for creating new design interventions to address the challenges and needs unique to activist organizations. The work suggests the need for more value-sensitivity and context-appropriateness in the design of interactive systems.

<author> Corrall, Sheila; Pinfield, Stephen
<title> Coherence of "Open" Initiatives in Higher Education and Research: Framing a Policy Agenda
<abstract> "Open" approaches have the potential to advance significantly the mission of higher education and research institutions worldwide, but the multiplicity of initiatives raises questions about their coherence and points to the need for a more coordinated approach to policy development. Drawing on the European e-InfraNet project, we adopt a broad definition of Open, including activity alongside content, and identify the different Open domains, their salient characteristics and relationships. We propose a high-level typology and model of Open to inform policy design and delivery, and employ Willinsky's framework for open source and open access to discuss the theoretical underpinnings of openness, finding important commonalities among the domains, which suggests that the framework can extend to all the Open areas. We then examine potential shared benefits of Open approaches, which reinforce the argument for a unified policy agenda. We conclude with some observations on limits of openness, and implications for policy.

<author> Bowler, Leanne; Mattern, Eleanor; Knobel, Cory
<title> Developing Design Interventions for Cyberbullying: A Narrative-Based Participatory Approach
<abstract> This paper presents a user-generated framework for designing affordances that would counter acts of cyberbullying on social media sites. To do so, we used narrative inquiry as a research methodology, which allowed our two focus groups - one composed of teens and the other of undergraduate students - to map out a cyberbullying story and overlay it with a set of design recommendations that, in their view, might alleviate mean and cruel behavior online. Four "cyberbullying stories" were constructed by the participants, each one revealing two sub-plots - the story that "is" (as perceived by these participants) and the story that "could be" (if certain design interventions were to be embedded in social media). In this paper, we describe seven emergent design themes evident in the participants' design recommendations for social media: design for reflection, design for consequence, design for empathy, design for personal empowerment, design for fear, design for attention, and design for control and suppression.

<author> Huvila, Isto
<title> Archives, Libraries and Museums in the Contemporary Society: Perspectives of the Professionals
<abstract> The aim of this study is to investigate how ALM professionals conceptualise the common role of archives, libraries and museums (ALMs) in the contemporary society. There is only a little earlier empirical research on the topic. This study is based on a quantitative analysis of the results of a web survey of 131 ALM professionals. The analysis shows that the views of the respondents epitomise diverging and contradictory ideas of the role of the institutions. The findings underline the need to discuss and define the future of the ALMs on a profound level of their societal role with a clear emphasis of its theoretical underpinnings. The diverse of opinions and number of mostly practice-oriented visions can be helpful in shaping and reshaping the role of the institutions. At the same time, it is apparent that they do not have the required theoretical depth to function as a common ground for explicating the role of ALMs in the contemporary society.

<author> Prestopnik, Nathan; Crowston, Kevin; Wang, Jun
<title> Exploring Data Quality in Games With a Purpose
<abstract> A key problem for crowd-sourcing systems is motivating contributions from participants and ensuring the quality of these contributions. Games have been suggested as a motivational approach to encourage contribution, but attracting participation through game play rather than scientific interest raises concerns about the quality of the data provided, which is particularly important when the data are to be used for scientific research. To assess whether these concerns are justified, we compare the quality of data obtained from two citizen science games, one a "gamified" version of a species classification task and one a fantasy game that used the classification task only as a way to advance in the game play. Surprisingly, though we did observe cheating in the fantasy game, data quality (i.e., classification accuracy) from participants in the two games was not significantly different. As well, the quality of data from short-time contributors was at a usable level of accuracy. These findings suggest that various approaches to gamification can be useful for motivating contributions to citizen science projects.

<author> Weissenberger, Lynnsey K.
<title> When "Everything" is Information: Irish Traditional Music and Information Retrieval
<abstract> As a global phenomenon, Irish traditional music has a tremendous following, while practitioners of Irish traditional music often disagree on shared aspects of their music culture. This provides numerous challenges when organizing traditional Irish traditional music for retrieval purposes. This paper describes the music information seeking and retrieval (MIR) challenges of Irish traditional music in terms of the physical paradigm and user-centered relevance, using TheSession.org as an example. Limitations of the physical paradigm are addressed, both related to the traditional music subject matter, and how current MIR systems fall short in their attempts to manage Irish traditional music. Additional discussions of user-centered relevance contextualize the problems related to music information seeking and retrieval with traditional musics. In the future, representations of music objects connected as linked open data, combined with multiple query capabilities, may provide a robust and flexible structure for traditional music information seeking and retrieval.

<author> Griesbaum, Joachim; Mahrholz, Nadine; Bertram, Jens; Pietras, Nadine; Rittberger, Marc
<title> Information Behavior in the Social Web: An Overview of the German Educational Domain
<abstract> This paper explores participative Social Information Behavior in the educational domain. The goal is to capture a picture of current information practices in the Social Web. The focus is on the "places" and the scale of the Social Web in the domain, the communication dynamics and structure of communities and the specificities, quality, pragmatics and success of communication processes. The paper describes the concept and current implementation status of an online analysis approach and system that tries to answer these questions. Furthermore, first empirical results are presented. Data indicates that participative Social Information Behavior is of relevance in the domain: The volume of openly accessible user-generated content is impressive. The basic characteristics of analyzed forums suggest that such websites resemble sustainable knowledge building communities. Pre-tests regarding the analysis of communication processes denote that generated content can often be seen as a valuable information resource.

<author> Dosono, Bryan
<title> Digital Inclusion for Migrant Millennials: Improving the ICT Landscape of Yakima Valley Schools
<abstract> Digital inclusion seeks to bring the benefits of information and communication technologies (ICT) to vulnerable populations such as low-income families, residents of rural communities, seniors, disabled citizens, at-risk youth, immigrants, refugees and people of color. Despite its thriving agricultural industry, the Yakima Valley in Washington State is designated as an economically distressed area with low wages, significant unemployment and high poverty levels. The area's agricultural emphasis attracts a large population of migrant workers who are generally perceived to be information poor, meaning they face major challenges with finding and using greatly needed everyday information. Little research in ICT access for migrant populations exists because differences in language, culture and other factors make migrant workers and their youth a particularly difficult population to study. Using the Yakima Valley as a research site, this work examines current digital inclusion efforts towards migrant youth and how rising workers of the millennial generation can better participate in today's digital economy. This research involves reviewing literature on the information ecosystem of the Yakima Valley, interviewing school district administrators for their insight into the current ICT landscape of their facilities and evaluating current educational technology access strategies within the region. The work provides recommendations aimed at influencing policy and awareness for digital inclusion within the school system.

<author> Clement, Andrew
<title> NSA Surveillance: Exploring the Geographies of Internet Interception
<abstract> The National Security Agency's various surveillance programs recently revealed by Edward Snowden are collectively arguably the largest personal data collection and analysis operation in history. While the foremost exemplar of a fine-grained, global information system, they also represent among the most serious contemporary challenges to democratic governance and civil liberties. Based on media coverage and leaked secret documents, this paper analyses the main NSA data interception programs and their geographic characteristics. This research also draws on IXmaps.ca, a crowd-sourced, interactive mapping application to show internet users where their personal traffic may be intercepted by the NSA. In particular, it demonstrates that internet surveillance facilities located in relatively few strategic locations enable a nearly comprehensive collection of domestic U.S. internet traffic.

<author> Newell, Bryce Clayton; Tennis, Joseph T.
<title> Me, My Metadata, and the NSA: Privacy and Government Metadata Surveillance Programs
<abstract> After Edward Snowden leaked classified intelligence records to the press in June 2013, government metadata surveillance programs - and the risk that large-scale metadata collection poses to personal information privacy - has taken center stage in domestic and international debates about privacy and the appropriate role of government. In this paper, the authors approach these questions by drawing upon theory and literature in both law and archival studies. This paper concludes that, because metadata surveillance can be highly intrusive to personal privacy - even more revealing in certain regards than the contents of our communications in some cases - and that certain types of metadata are inextricably linked with the records of our digitally mediated lives, legal distinctions that draw a line between communications "content" and metadata are inappropriate and insufficient to adequately protect personal privacy.

<author> Subramaniam, Mega; Valdivia, Claire; Pellicone, Anthony; Neigh, Zach
<title> Teach Me and Trust Me: Creating an Empowered Online Community of Tweens and Parents
<abstract> Although research has shown increasing potential for new media literacy and identity development through the use of social networking tools, there are limited opportunities for young people under age thirteen to legally take part in these environments. We challenge the dominant narrative that young people under thirteen need constant adult surveillance and are incapable of practicing safe online practices. Instead, we present a potential solution through the design of a safe, virtual learning space for tweens that integrates community-based rules and moderation. In partnership with the National Park Service, which is committed to having their virtual learning space accessible to all ages, we collaborate with a group of tweens and their parents by using bonded inquiry and focus group methods. We collate the needs, concerns, and online practices of these tweens and their parents to develop a preliminary design of a cyber-safety framework that learning institutions can employ to allow tween participation. By focusing on building a resilient online community of tweens, parents, and site developers, the framework emphasizes the value of an online environment that balances freedom and protection of tween privacy.

<author> Day, Ronald E.
<title> Indexing it all: The Modern Documentary Subsuming of the Subject and its Mediation of the Real
<abstract> This paper summarizes some of the themes of my forthcoming book, Indexing it All: The Subject in the Age of Documentation, Information, and Data (forthcoming, MIT Press). The paper presents research on the history and theory of the modern documentary tradition in the 20[th] and into the 21[st] centuries, which it views as an episteme with three dominant moments: European Documentation, Information Science and Data Science. In this paper, European Documentation, citation analysis, social computing, android robotics, and social big data are discussed as cases in the dialectical movement of this tradition. Each stage of this development represents higher levels in the subsumption of human agents and texts within increasingly abstract documentary forms of representation. Documentary indexing and indexicality have been major and increasing sources for the social positioning of persons in modernity, with consequences for personal and social psychologies, politics, and for critique and judgment. The story of the modern documentary tradition is a story of the role of indexing (personal, social, and textual positioning through documentary techniques and technologies) and indexicality (the modes of documentary citation and reference that result in such), and how this has shaped and continues to shape what Suzanne Briet termed, "homo documentator" (Briet, 2006).

<author> Jones, William; Wenning, Abe; Bruce, Harry
<title> How Do People Re-find Files, Emails and Web Pages?
<abstract> Recent research suggests that a preference for navigation by folder to re-find files endures notwithstanding dramatic improvements in support for search as an alternate method of return. This paper describes a study that confirms this finding for files but that observes a distinctly different pattern of preference for re-finding email messages. After a delay of 2 to 4 weeks, search was the most common first choice for the return to email messages. A third, compound method was predominant for the return to Web information: The use of character-by-character "auto-complete" search was frequently followed by a hyperlink navigation to reach a targeted web page. Results point to the need for an integrated support of search and navigation methods during re-finding attempts. Results also suggest that support for re-finding begins with support for the initial "keeping" of information. Finally, results affirm two basic tenets of personal information management (PIM): 1. The need to consider multiple forms of information. 2. The need to consider a PIM activity such as re-finding within a larger context that includes other activities of PIM and considers the life cycle of personal information.

<author> Marino, John L.; Karlova, Natascha A.; Lin, Peyina; Eisenberg, Michael B.
<title> A Room of One's Own: The Virtual Study Room as an Information Services Delivery Model
<abstract> Libraries are facing the challenge of innovation to meet user needs. Virtual worlds offer unique opportunities for curated, immersive, integrated, interactive, and flexible spaces. The Virtual Study Room is a unique design concept leveraging these opportunities and supporting information behavior in a virtual world. Participant feedback from a research event in Second Life indicates that the Virtual Study Room is a useful environment for individual and group information problem-solving, and serves as a model for the delivery of online library information services.

<author> Randall, David P.; Newell, Bryce Clayton
<title> The Panoptic Librarian: The Role of Video Surveillance in the Modern Public Library
<abstract> Libraries have long maintained strong protections for patron privacy and intellectual freedom. However, the increasing prevalence of sophisticated surveillance systems in public libraries potentially threatens these core library commitments. This paper presents the findings of a qualitative case study examining why four libraries in the US and the UK installed video surveillance and how they manage these systems to balance safety and privacy. We examine the experience of these libraries, including one that later reversed course and completely removed all of its previously installed systems. We find that the libraries who install surveillance initially do so as either a response to specific incidents of crime or as part of the design of new buildings. Libraries maintain varying policies about whether video footage is protected as part of patron records, about dealing with law enforcement requests for footage, and whether patrons ought to maintain any expectation of privacy while inside libraries.

<author> Willer, David; Marino, John L.; Eisenberg, Michael B.
<title> Informing Policy: Mapping Information Literacy Research to Education Policy
<abstract> Information literacy, defined as the skills and stages of successful information problem-solving, is often cited as a goal of education efforts at every level, pre-kindergarten through higher education. For these efforts to be effective, they must be guided by empirical research on information literacy. This study sought to determine the extent to which evidence of how students develop information literacy skills gleaned from empirical research is explicitly represented in a high-profile education policy initiative, the Common Core State Standards. Results reveal that not all stages of the information problem-solving process are represented in these standards, and that the crucial stage of Task Definition is not explicitly represented at all. Implications and directions for future research are presented.

<author> Marcinkowski, Michael; Fonseca, Frederico
<title> Judging Technology, Judging Intent: The Doubling of Need in Design
<abstract> Confronted by the challenges posed by the development of massive, open, online courses, design in information science research takes on a unique ontological character. Not simply a progression from human needs toward technological fulfillment, it comes to be understood as the eventful moment of the interplay of ethical decision and the material possibilities of technology. Conceptualized as such, design work presents an image of information science as progressive, deeply historical, and immanently concerned with the question of how to live. Starting from a consideration of the social-technical gap, the hermeneutic interplay of the distinct epistemological stances of ethics and technology is discussed, and an ontological understanding of design as centered on the logics of event and hospitality is introduced.

<author> Verbaan, Eddy; Cox, Andrew M.
<title> Collaboration or Competition? Responses to Research Data Management in UK Higher Education by Librarians, IT Professionals, and Research Administrators
<abstract> Purpose. Effective Research Data Management (RDM) has become an increasing concern in UK universities as a result of being mandated by research funders. The study uncovered how librarians, IT staff and research administrators viewed support of RDM and how they thought roles would be distributed amongst them. It used Abbott's theory of the professions as a way of conceptualising the underlying dynamics. Methodology: Data was collected through 20 semi-structured interviews with staff in the Library, IT Services and Research Office of a research intensive university of middling size in Northern England. Findings: The different professional services viewed RDM differently. Broadly speaking, IT focussed on short term data storage; the research office on compliance and research quality; librarians on preservation and advocacy. The Library was the only department claiming a new jurisdiction in RDM. The other departments claimed to be short of resources to take on such a complex project. Some interviewees feared RDM might be a "poisoned chalice". Research implications: Abbott's (1988) concept of jurisdiction is a useful lens on how RDM services are emerging. Originality/value: The paper offers an early perspective on how support of RDM is being developed, from a theory of the professions perspective.

<author> Rotman, Dana; Hammock, Jen; Preece, Jenny; Hansen, Derek; Boston, Carol; Bowser, Anne; He, Yurong
<title> Motivations Affecting Initial and Long-Term Participation in Citizen Science Projects in Three Countries
<abstract> Reliance on volunteer participation for citizen science has become extremely popular. Cutting across disciplines, locations, and participation practices, hundreds of thousands of volunteers throughout the world are helping scientists accomplish tasks they could not otherwise perform. Although existing projects have demonstrated the value of involving volunteers in data collection, relatively few projects have been successful in maintaining volunteers' continued involvement over long periods of time. Therefore, it is important to understand the temporal nature of volunteers' motivations and their effect on participation practices, so that effective partnerships between volunteers and scientists can be established. This paper presents case studies of longitudinal participation practices in citizen science in three countries -- the United States, India, and Costa Rica. The findings reveal a temporal process of participation, in which initial participation stems in most cases from self-directed motivations, such as personal interest. In contrast, long-term participation is more complex and includes both self-directed motivations and collaborative motivations.

<author> Bogers, Toine; Wernersen, Rasmus
<title> How `Social' are Social News Sites? Exploring the Motivations for Using Reddit.com
<abstract> Social news sites allow their users to submit and vote on online news stories, thereby bypassing the authority and power of traditional newspaper editors. In this paper we explore what motivates users of social news sites, such as Reddit, to participate in this collaborative editorial process. We present a tiered framework of motivational factors for participating on social news sites, based on a comprehensive literature review, drawn from fields like social media research, sociology, (social) psychology, and behavioral economics. We then validate this framework through a survey deployed on Reddit and use the results of this survey to focus the motivational framework for the social news domain. the recreational value of the information posted to Reddit, along with the powerful possibilities for customization appear to be the most powerful incentives for using Reddit. Perhaps surprisingly, the social aspect of social news sites is not a motivating factor for the majority of Reddit users. Influencing the placement and reception of news stories in their niche communities of interest is what draws people to sites such as Reddit.

<author> Hemsley, Jeff; Eckert, Josef
<title> Occupied with Place: Exploring Twitter Resistance Networks
<abstract> From Tehran Square to Gezi Park, Twitter is an emergent tactic of protestors in the public square. Our work utilizes the theoretical framework of contentious politics and its human geographic extension as a framework for examining the role of "place" in Twitter-based networks of resistance. We examine Twitter traffic about local instantiations of Occupy Wall Street across eight cities. The study addresses mutual communications between Twitter participants in hashtags related to each of these local instantiations. This work explores the role of place as a constitutive component of these networks. To do so, we employ descriptive statistical and chi-square tests to examine the significance of user-defined metadata regarding place to the exchanges between users within a network. We conclude that place matters and point to future directions in computational and traditional qualitative analysis, spatial-temporal studies of social media, and the effects of locational propinquity for network development.

<author> Proferes, Nicholas
<title> What Happens to Tweets? Descriptions of Temporality in Twitter's Organizational Rhetoric
<abstract> This paper presents the results of a content analysis of Twitter's organizational rhetoric. Focusing on the language generated by Twitter's founders in interviews and on the language that Twitter uses to describe its service on the Twitter.com website, this analysis establishes how these messages describe and depict the temporality of tweets and the Twitter platform. This study finds that nearly all of the organizational rhetoric sampled depicts a real-time nature of the medium while descriptions regarding what happens to tweets in the long-term are almost entirely absent. This finding is presented in juxtaposition with the Library of Congress's announcement of the acquisition of Twitter's full archive of tweets in 2010. Following this announcement, many Twitter users professed not realizing tweets were being saved. In light of the results of analysis of Twitter's organizational rhetoric and the Library of Congress comments, this paper discusses how Twitter's organizational rhetoric may provide users with an incomplete picture of the temporality of the service and of the long-term storage of tweets. This paper concludes by discussing the potential implications for users' abilities to self-direct and make informed choices about the use of the platform if this organizational rhetoric is taken uncritically.

<author> Jiang, Tingting
<title> A Clickstream Data Analysis of Users' Information Seeking Modes in Social Tagging Systems
<abstract> Social tagging systems enable their users to access useful or interesting information resources in various ways. The purposes of this study are to identify the information seeking modes adopted by users in this context and to determine the popularity as well as effectiveness of these modes. A transaction log file obtained from Douban, the most influential Chinese-language social tagging system, was examined based on an original clickstream data analysis framework. The results show that encountering, browsing by resource/tag/user/group, searching, and monitoring by user/group are the major modes ever adopted. While browsing by resource is the most popular mode, browsing by tag is the most effective one. The research findings enrich our understanding of social tagging systems as vibrant information seeking environments and provide useful implications for their interface design.


<NOTES>
<author> Kalsi, Anmol
<title> Pervasive Myth or Pop Culture Relic? College Students' Experience of the Librarian Stereotype
<abstract> This study explores the wider institutional discourse from which stereotypes of librarians emerge. The findings shed light on the discursive practices (e.g. the methods, the rituals, and the interactions) that take place between students and library staff, and how these inform the student's perspective and experience of the librarian stereotype. This study utilizes the theoretical framework presented by Radford and Radford's study entitled "Libraries, Librarians, and the Discourse of Fear" published in 2001 which argued that it is within this discourse that negative stereotypes of the librarian emerge. The students strongly expressed a fear of the library environment and atmosphere, and being intimidated by a librarian's knowledge but collectively the students did not report being scared of librarians. Rather, they viewed librarians as meek and feeble - which, despite being a negative stereotype, is not the dominant one that persists in popular culture.

<author> Evans, Craig S.
<title> Wiki as a Platform - Turning Dissemination into Collaboration
<abstract> In research projects, data collection and dissemination are considered as two discrete and independent activities. The focus is on the research question, and not on how to best collect, present and subsequently share data. Although most US funding agencies now require that researchers data share, the tools available to operationalize this requirement are lacking. We propose show how the open source MediaWiki system can provides a lightweight, collaborative, and inexpensive tool to support new data sharing practices. This note serves to illustrate how interactive data collection and dissemination supported by a Wiki server can be used by scientists both during the project and for subsequent dissemination.

<author> Lin, Yu-Ru
<title> The Ripples of Fear, Comfort and Community Identity During the Boston Bombings
<abstract> The Boston Marathon bombing event presents a rare opportunity to study how a massive disruptive event triggers emotional contagion. In this work, we use over 180 million geocoded tweets over an entire month to study how Twitter users expressed shared fear, comfort and community identity, over time and across different cities following the bombings. We quantify the level of shared fear by using the sentiment and time-series analyses. The expressions of comfort and community identity are studied based on the emergent use of two hashtags widely adopted after the bombings: #prayforboston and #bostonstrong. We found that these emotional responses varied with their geographical distances from the Boston area. However, statistical analyses show that users' direct experience of being in Boston predicts the shared fear better, and users' social networks are more effective in predicting the occurrences of expressing comfort and community identity. Our study has implication in identifying potentially vulnerable population, and predicting the perceived threat in the face of future massive disruptive events such as terrorist attacks.

<author> Mathiesen, Kay
<title> Facets of Access: A Conceptual and Standard Threats Analysis
<abstract> The concept of information access is central to both Library and Information Science and to human rights discourse and practice. This paper offers a definition of information access and proposes a relational understanding of it. Using a "standard threat analysis," based on the work of political philosopher Henry Shue (1996), the access relation is analyzed in terms of five facets: (1) availability, (2) reachability, (3) findability, (4) comprehensibility, and (5) useability. It is shown how this theory can be synthesized with another prominent account of access (Burnett, Jaeger, and Thompson, 2008) to create a rubric to guide the evaluation and creation of information systems and services that satisfy the human right to information access.

<author> Wohn, Donghee Yvette; Sarkar, Chandan
<title> The Uncanny Valley Effect in Behavioral Targeting and Information Processing of Peripheral Cues
<abstract> This paper examines how young adults process information related to privacy, and how that affects their attitude towards behavioral targeted advertising. Differences between computer novices and experts were examined based on the Elaboration Likelihood Model (Petty & Cacioppo, 1984), which argues that people who have the ability to process information do so differently than those who do not have the ability. Consistent with the theory, we found that computer novices were relying on peripheral cues to process information related to security due to their lack of knowledge. We also identified an "uncanny valley" effect where people liked customization of targeted advertisements, but then became uncomfortable if the advertisements seemed to know too much of their past behavior until the suggestions were perfectly aligned with their interests.

<author> Xiao, Lu; Martin, Jennifer; Buchel, Olga; Huang, Dongyan
<title> The Role of Team's Communication Practices in Between-Team Decision Making Activities
<abstract> Research into teams has focused largely on intra-team or sub-team activities. Although activities involving two or more teams are becoming increasingly common due to outsourcing and globalization in the workplace, there are few studies about them. In this project, we studied two engineering teams and their activities for five months. The two teams, which belong to a Canadian company, are located in different countries. We collected different kinds of data to explore various aspects of the teams and their activities. In this research note, we report our preliminary findings about two teams' communication practices. Specifically, the findings suggest that despite the presence of video conference tool, file sharing tool, electronic mails, and phones, onsite visit and/or face-to-face interactions have great impact on the satisfaction level of the members' experiences of working with another remote team of different national culture.

<author> Thomer, Andrea K.; Twidale, Michael B.
<title> How Databases Learn
<abstract> The relational database has been a fixture of the modern research laboratory -- used to catalog and organize specimens and petri dishes, as well as to organize and store research data and analyses. Yet, though there are numerous textbooks on database design and short-term maintenance, there is still a need for deeper exploration of how these artifacts change, grow and are maintained in the long term, and how their very structure can affect their users' work. Findings from a deeper, more extended exploration of database use over long periods of time would have implications for not just data curation, preservation and management, but also for our understanding of actual, situated information organization practices and needs in science: designing for actual practice rather than for unrealistic idealization of these practices and needs. We draw inspiration, and our title, from Brand's highly influential book; "How Buildings Learn" (1995). We believe many of the topics Brand discusses regarding buildings' change and growth over time might usefully be applied to certain aspects of databases. This work is a first step towards understanding how databases, like buildings, learn.

<author> Kang, Ji Hei; Everhart, Nancy
<title> Culture and Context in the Mandated Implementation of Digital Textbooks in Florida and South Korea
<abstract> Digital textbooks are becoming increasingly popular in schools throughout the world. Simultaneous mandates to adopt digital textbooks in the country of South Korea and the U.S. state of Florida provide an opportunity to study how culture and context might impact this implementation from the perspective of the school librarian who serves multiple roles when new technology is introduced. In this study the Concerns-Based-Adoption-Model (CBAM) was used to identify the concerns of school librarians in Florida about their potential role in the implementation of digital textbooks and how personal levels of adoption relate to these concerns. Results indicate that innovators and early adopters have higher levels of concern, which are more substantive and practical, while late majorities and laggards have more vague uneasiness and lurking anxiety. Regardless of the speed they adopt innovations, school librarians have similar levels of personal concern.

<author> Fallis, Don
<title> A Functional Analysis of Disinformation
<abstract> Prototypical instances of disinformation include deceptive advertising (in business and in politics), government propaganda, doctored photographs, forged documents, fake maps, internet frauds, fake websites, and manipulated Wikipedia entries. Disinformation can cause significant harm if people are misled by it. In order to address this critical threat to information quality, we first need to understand exactly what disinformation is. After surveying the various analyses of this concept that have been proposed by philosophers and information scientists, I argue that disinformation is misleading information that has the function of misleading.

<author> Lemieux, Victoria L.; Shieh, Benjamin W. K.; Lau, David; Jun, Sun Hwan; Dang, Thomas; Chu, Johnathan; Tam, Geran
<title> Using Visual Analytics to Enhance Data Exploration and Knowledge Discovery in Financial Systemic Risk Analysis: The Multivariate Density Estimator
<abstract> Analyzing and managing the risks in financial systems is necessary to maintain healthy global financial systems and economic wellbeing. However, the complexity of the financial system and the heterogeneity and volume of data sources needed for financial systemic risk analysis are currently overwhelming. Visual Analytics tools can be used to provide macroprudential supervisors with greater visibility into the health of financial systems by augmenting their information processing capabilities. To this end, we present a novel prototype design for a visual analytics tool that implements the multivariate density estimator of financial systemic risk, explaining how it addresses macroprudential supervisors' need for enhanced data exploration and knowledge discovery capabilities.

<author> Tam, Winnie; Fry, Jenny; Probets, Steve
<title> The Disciplinary Shaping of Research Data Management Practices
<abstract> Aim The aim of this research is to focus on geography and its sub-disciplines with the intention of exploring how the nature of discipline shapes current and potential research data management practices and, in turn, how disciplines themselves are being reshaped by changes in data creation, use and management. Design The research is in two sequential phases. Phase 1 consists of a scoping stage which includes a web-based study using different techniques, such as link analysis and bibliometrics, and interviews with data management experts. Phase 2 is primarily based on a series of interviews with researchers, investigating researchers' research practices and attitudes of data management. Findings By the time of the conference preliminary results from phase 1 of the research will be available for reporting. Value This research will provide a better understanding of how the complexity of research data, and so the challenges for improving research data management, are grounded in the underlying nature of disciplines/sub-disciplines. As a by-product of this understanding, it will enhance the conceptual theory of disciplinarity through detailed analysis of changes around research data management in geography and its sub-disciplines.

<author> Khoo, Michael; Rozaklis, Lily; Hall, Catherine; Kusunoki, Diana; Rehrig, Michael
<title> Heat Map Visualizations of Seating Patterns in an Academic Library
<abstract> Library seating surveys record the use of seats in a library. They estimate library usage and are used to plan library spaces for future use. This paper describes a seating survey in an academic library, which aggregated data from 112 seat counts to generate heat maps to visualize occupancy. Triangulation of the seating survey data with another survey on users' perceptions of space in the library, revealed an interesting contrast between highly-occupied areas that were perceived as quiet, and less occupied areas perceived as crowded and noisy. Discussion of this finding is framed in terms of Bennett's (2009) model of a technology-driven paradigm shift in academic libraries from places for solo work to places for group learning.

<author> Mason, Robert M.; Dupuis, Marc J.
<title>  Cultural Values, Information Sources, and Perceptions of Security
<abstract> This exploratory study examines the relationships among cultural values, sources of information about a current event, and perceptions of national security. The study uses the case of Edward Snowden and his actions in releasing information classified as secret by the U.S. Federal government. The study compares the perceptions of survey respondents from India and the U.S. at two times soon after Snowden released the information and examines the relationship among cultural values, information sources, and perceptions of Snowden and his actions. The cultural dimension follows the Hofstede cultural values measures of power distance and individuality, measures in which India and the U.S. exhibit significant differences. The survey was conducted using Amazon's Mechanical Turk (MTURK) to solicit responses in July and August 2013. The results reveal that the U.S. and India respondents agree on some aspects of the case (e.g., that Snowden is a courageous individual) and do not shift their viewpoints from the first survey to the next. However, the respondents differ significantly in their use of information sources and report significantly different opinions on the potential impact of Snowden's actions on national security issues. This limited study revealed an unexpected difference from Hofstede's work in the power distance cultural dimension, raising questions about the use of MTURK for cross-cultural studies.

<author> Starbird, Kate; Maddock, Jim; Orand, Mania; Achterman, Peg; Mason, Robert M.
<title> Rumors, False Flags, and Digital Vigilantes: Misinformation on Twitter after the 2013 Boston Marathon Bombing
<abstract> The Boston Marathon bombing story unfolded on every possible carrier of information available in the spring of 2013, including Twitter. As information spread, it was filled with rumors (unsubstantiated information), and many of these rumors contained misinformation. Earlier studies have suggested that crowdsourced information flows can correct misinformation, and our research investigates this proposition. This exploratory research examines three rumors, later demonstrated to be false, that circulated on Twitter in the aftermath of the bombings. Our findings suggest that corrections to the misinformation emerge but are muted compared with the propagation of the misinformation. The similarities and differences we observe in the patterns of the misinformation and corrections contained within the stream over the days that followed the attacks suggest directions for possible research strategies to automatically detect misinformation.

<author> Knautz, Kathrin; Göretz, Julia; Wintermeyer, Anja
<title> "Gotta Catch `Em All" - Game Design Patterns for Guild Quests in Higher Education
<abstract> The system of modern higher education has gone through many reforms, but still features many deficits in terms of knowledge acquisition and learning methods. The concept of gamification, which means the implementation of game elements in non-game contexts, offers a possible solution and increases motivation and participation among the students. Therefore the project The Legend of Zyren was initiated to mediate learning contents via a gamified framework. This part of the study focuses the so called guild quests (group tasks) and their principles of construction regarding the collaborative and the competitive game pattern, which ultimately result in an increase of the learning success. The results of a final evaluation confirm the usefulness of the use of game elements and game patterns with regard to content mastery and learning progress.

<author> Wu, Dan; He, Daqing
<title> Comparing IPL2 and Yahoo! Answers: A Case Study of Digital Reference and Community Based Question Answering
<abstract> In this paper, we took IPL2 and Yahoo! Answers as the two samples for our case study of digital references and community-based Q&A sites. We examined the services of the two systems based on 200 real questions raised in IPL2 and their similar questions found in Yahoo! Answers. Question type, topic classification, answer type, and answer time delay were compared between the similar questions in these two platforms. The result analysis showed that the two systems classify their questions differently, and the types of the questions asked are different too. It took much longer time to obtain answers from IPL2, whereas different types of questions in Yahoo! Answers generated dramatically different response time. However, some differences also demonstrated that there is need to consider integrating certain ideas in the two systems.

<author> Coljee-Gray, Cody; Dörk, Marian; Carpendale, Sheelagh
<title> Visually Exploring Books along their Subject Headings
<abstract> We present a visualization of subject headings that typically accompany books as flat textual metadata. The purpose of the visualization is twofold: first to expose the implicit structure in subject headings as an overview of a library collection and second to present a visual web of keywords to invite exploration of books. Taking a tag cloud as a starting point, the visualization extends it to a networked tag cloud that respects the hierarchy that is implicit in subject headings. By allowing an information seeker to successively build a subject filter, while seeing the results at each step, we hope to improve the searcher's orientation in a comprehensive book collection

<author> Chen, Ko-le; Dörk, Marian; Dade-Robertson, Martyn
<title> Exploring the Promises and Potentials of Visual Archive Interfaces
<abstract> A photo archive contains diverse narratives that only get partially exposed in digital interfaces. In this paper we explore a potential framework for archivists and designers to create photo archive interfaces that are sensitive to the ethos and social context of its content. We outline our approach to engaging with archival projects and present the results of a pilot workshop, which raised a range of complex questions about the design of visual interfaces. Our aim is to practically and conceptually expand how a visual interface would let a visitor access, explore, and interpret the contents of an archive. To do this we are interested in the different associations that people weave between the artifacts of an archive.

<author> Jeon, Grace YoungJoo; Rieh, Soo Young
<title> Answers from the Crowd: How Credible are Strangers in Social Q&A?
<abstract> Individuals may encounter distinct kinds of challenges in assessing credibility in a social Q&A setting where they interact with strangers. It is necessary to better understand how people make credibility judgments when seeking information using social Q&A services because people increasingly use such services to obtain personalized answers from a large pool of unknown people. In this paper, we report preliminary findings from a quasi-field study where participants were asked to use Yahoo! Answers for one week and were interviewed afterwards. We find that participants' assessment of the credibility of strangers who answered their questions occurred in three different dimensions: attitude, trustworthiness, and expertise. Furthermore, different elements were noticed and interpreted in each dimension of the credibility assessment. Our work provides insights into source credibility assessment in social Q&A settings and implications for the design of social technologies that better support people's online credibility assessment.

<author> Meyers, Eric M.
<title> Using Machinima as Cultural Probes to Study Communication in Children's Virtual Worlds: An Exploratory Approach
<abstract> Understanding children's digital play in immersive virtual spaces, specifically those with limited communication affordances, demands new methods and approaches that move beyond interviews and participant observation. This paper illustrates the process of creating machinima videos of scripted play scenarios as "cultural probes" to elicit young users' insider knowledge of communication and socialization practices. We discuss our ongoing development and use of these videos, supplementing other qualitative methods to develop a richer understanding of information sharing, particularly non-verbal communicative action.

<author> Loder, Courtney
<title> Something to Hide: Individual Strategies for Personal Privacy Practices
<abstract> This paper illustrates the strategies by which individual users are beginning to take control of their personal data streams, and the way that social practices are developing as a way to overcome longstanding usability hurdles for third party privacy management tools, particularly encryption. Grounded in an historical overview of telecommunications policy in the United States as it relates to the development of computer-mediated communication, contemporary notions of privacy are discussed. Preliminary analysis from pilot interviews and the early development of CryptoParty are presented to illustrate sites where the work of individual privacy regulation occurs, and is taught to others.

<author> Unsworth, Kristene
<title> Chain of Command: Information Sharing, Law Enforcement and Community Participation
<abstract> Information sharing among law enforcement officers and between law enforcement officers and the public is crucial to creating safe neighborhoods and developing trust between members of society. Since the terrorist attacks on the US in 2001 the US government has implemented a program called the information sharing environment: for both national security agencies and local law enforcement communication and sharing information is a top priority. Human information behavior and human information interaction research has been conducted in a variety of environments yet there is little research related to law enforcement and the public. This note presents early case study research in to this complex information sharing environment. The work builds on the strong tradition of research in information science related to information behavior and hopes to bridge the gap between security and law enforcement conceptions of information sharing and that of information science. This research is being conducted with the collaboration of a major metropolitan police department in the southern United States. The diverse research team brings together an academic, a law enforcement consultant and a constable from Toronto, Canada. While one deliverable of the project is to provide the law enforcement agency with a strategic communication and social media plan; the larger goal is to begin a multiple case research project to develop our understanding of information sharing with these types of unique stakeholders and in these complex environments.

<author> Rabina, Debbie; Todd, Julian
<title> United Nations Peacekeeping Missions: A Data Extract Project
<abstract> This paper describes a project to uncover data about the United Nations peacekeeping operations (PKO). The goals of the project are twofold: first, to uncover the raw numbers available about UN peacekeeping missions, in order to reveal information about the number of troops allocated by different countries to the various missions, as well as numbers about the funding of these missions; second, to describe the process of scraping data and place the practice in the broader context of social science research in the field of open data from intergovernmental organizations.

<author> Grace, William R.; Fonseca, Frederico
<title> Adopting a Sociomaterial Perspective for the Analysis of Digital Public Spheres
<abstract> This paper argues that theorizing computer-mediated communications as political engagement within a sociomaterial perspective, an understanding attentive to the mutual constitution of the social and material, allows researchers to conceptually analyze the unique political practices afforded by information and communication technologies and their function within a public sphere. This approach foregrounds the mutual constitution of sociomaterial practices, and recognizes the centrality of performativity and contextual multidimensionality in their constitution and analysis. In addition, articulating patterns of these practices as sociotechnical systems presents a framework for scaling local analyses toward increasing levels of analysis commensurate with public sphere theory.

<author> Knox, Emily J. M.
<title> The Geography of Censorship: Communities, Challengers, and Harry Potter
<abstract> The Harry Potter series was one of the most censored books when it was first published. Through the use of the census and other publicly available data attempts to answer the following questions using the Harry Potter series as a case study: Is the perception of the pervasiveness of challenges accurate? Are there any commonalities among communities that experience challenges? Are some types of communities more prone to challenges to others? What are the characteristics that might unite these communities? The paper investigates the commonalities and differences among 23 communities that experienced challenges to Harry Potter during the years 1999-2007.

<author> Lingel, Jessa
<title> Information as Performance: Mobile Technology, City Streets and the Anti-Tourist
<abstract> This paper looks at the extent to which information is performative, meaning that in addition to having a role in gathering, evaluating and/or circulating data, information is also deeply tied to identity work. Drawing on interviews with 26 participants, all of whom had moved to New York City in the last two years, I analyze references to using technology - specifically mobile technology - in order to avoid looking like a tourist. From an urban informatics perspective, this phenomenon provides a means of opening up discussion into the inter-relatedness of people, technology and urban space. From an HIB perspective, my discussion offers a means of addressing the performative nature of information, which is vital to understanding information in the context of everyday life.

<author> Oard, Douglas W.; Wu, Min; Kraus, Kari; Hajj-Ahmad, Adi; Su, Hui; Garg, Ravi
<title> It's About Time: Projecting Temporal Metadata for Historically Significant Recordings
<abstract> Twentieth century audio recordings and motion pictures are important sources, both for scholarly analysis and for public history. In some cases, important metadata has not reached the collecting institutions along with the materials, which are now in need of richer description. This paper describes a novel technique for determining the date and time on which a recording was made based on analysis of incidentally captured traces of small variations in the electric power supply at the time the recording was made.

<author> Beaton, Brian; Jeng, Wei; Champagne, Ryan
<title> Exploring the Use of `Acknowledgement Analysis' to Map Intellectual Diversity and Cross-disciplinary Activity Within the iSchools
<abstract> Fostering intellectual diversity in the iSchools is a critical task and central to the unique iSchool vision. However, beyond recent efforts to track hiring patterns and figure out the representation of various disciplines within the iSchool community, there is currently a lack of empirical research about cross-disciplinary activity within iSchool faculties. In this research note, which seeks to build on and complicate a recent paper by Wiggins and Sawyer (2012), we foreground the various zones and activities that make up everyday iSchool life instead of discussing the iSchool as a coherent unit. Specifically, we examine faculty involvement with the dissertation production process as a potentially key zone of cross-disciplinary faculty contact and exchange. We also explore the use of "acknowledgement analysis," a relatively unexplored method for studying academic social networks. Our findings, based on analyzing the acknowledgements of every dissertation published in 2010 (N=78) by a sample of 15 research-intensive iSchools, suggest that the dissertation production process is a site of cross-disciplinary activity but not evenly so across the various disciplines populating the iSchools. Some discipline areas within the iSchools engage in cross-disciplinary exchange more frequently than others and with a more diverse array of intellectual interlocutors.

<author> Eshraghi, Ali
<title> A Multi-Setting Study on ICT Practices within a Voluntary Swimming Sector
<abstract> This note firstly summaries my interdisciplinary doctoral research on information and communication technologies (ICTs) and voluntary sector organisations (VSOs) and then reports some developing discussion based on the generated data. Similar to other business firms and governmental agencies these organisations have also proliferated with ICTs, however, the literature is still limited in terms of insights needed to explain the process of (non-)adoption and (non-)use of digital initiatives within the sector. This research seeks to unfold the complexity of the shaping of ICT through a case of swimming sector which mostly operates on the voluntary basis. Using the approach of Social Informatics and by investigating the dynamics of ICT practices, my study seeks to understand the arrangement of such practices and hence to add to our understanding about challenges surrounding IT project in the sector. The high turnover of volunteers, the cruciality of volunteering time offered into organisation, the infrastructural nature of old software and platforms are some examples of such challenges. It also should be mentioned that this note is a developed version of the poster I presented at the iConference 2013 and also my proposal for the ECIS 2013 doctoral consortium.

<author> Allard, Danielle; Ferris, Shawna
<title> The Digital Archives and Marginalized Communities Project: Building Anti-violence Archives
<abstract> The Digital Archives and Marginalized Communities Project (DAMC) is a research collaboration that uses digital information systems to highlight and interrogate the complex and related topics of colonialism in Canada, violence against indigenous women and girls, and sex work. This paper explores how the project's interdisciplinary theoretical framework and methodology influence the development of digital archives that embed community ontologies and epistemologies into their overall design, organization, and record appraisal and description, while also meeting broader project anti-violence and social justice objectives.

<author> Karlova, Natascha A.; Marino, John L.; Lin, Peyina; Eisenberg, Michael B.
<title> Challenges and Opportunities in Virtual Worlds: Informed Consent and Data Collection
<abstract> This paper introduces innovative techniques for conducting research in virtual worlds. We analyze two unique methods: 1) informed consent via a `consent bot' and 2) data collection via a `Heads-Up Display'. Such methods represent novel solutions that can be extended to other online research settings.

<author> Khoir, Safirotu; Du, Jia Tina; Koronios, Andy
<title> Study of Asian Immigrants' Information Behaviour in South Australia: Preliminary Results
<abstract> The study reported in this paper is part of an ongoing research project examining Asian immigrants' information behaviour in South Australia. Involving eight Asian participants, the pilot study was conducted from March to April 2013. The study used questionnaires, photovoice, and interviews to collect data relating to participants' information needs, information sources, and information grounds, attempting to capture both everyday and formal requirements for settling in South Australia. The preliminary results indicate that these immigrants have a diverse range of information needs, with various preferred information sources from multiple information grounds. Use of the Internet and strong virtual and real social networks are both important sources and grounds. The results indicate both the participants' competencies and the challenges they have faced. The photographic images provide a further dimension to the analysis.

<author> Dresang, Eliza T.; Patin, Beth; Kotrla, Bowie
<title> Cultivating Cultural Competence: Context, Culture, and Technology of a Global Reading Challenge
<abstract> Underlying Jella Lepman's founding of the International Youth Library In Munich, Germany in 1949, is the firm belief that reading high quality, culturally specific literature can lead young readers to gain cultural competence. However, there is little systematic research upon which this assertion can be based. This research study, in the preliminary and early results stage, is designed to help fill this evidence gap. The content, culture, and technology in this study that have the potential to break down global walls are explained. Focus was on a convenience sample of 9 and 10 year old readers at 12 urban schools who participate in a Global Reading Challenge at their school, regional, and district level based on twelve culturally specific books. The researchers employed a pre-post test mixed methods design with qualitative methods (interview) based on quantitative methods (survey) and used three models of cultural competence to analyze the data.

<author> Chun, Susan; Lee, Yvonne; Goldman, Kate Haley
<title> Cultural Event Information: Early Research into Measuring Culture on the Ground
<abstract> The question of how best to measure culture in a location is intensely debated in the arts sector and in the adjacent disciplines of urban planning and economic policy. Our research examined a wide array of methods of counting culture and discovered a slew of literature on measuring high-level financial, employment, and census statistics in the sector, but found no systematic means of measuring culture at a granular level as it experienced by citizens. Our research hypothesizes that information about cultural events can be aggregated using mixed methodologies to produce a previously-unseen view of culture in a community that may be used in future research to give insight on how culture differs and compares across locations. A pilot project conducted in winter 2012-2013 in Los Angeles tested new methods for identifying sources of cultural event data, aggregating and normalizing them, and evaluating for comprehensiveness, feasibility, consistency, and sustainability.

<author> Simukovic, Elena; Kindling, Maxi; Schirmbacher, Peter
<title> Unveiling Research Data Stocks: A Case of Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin
<abstract> Research data as an integral part of the scholarly record is increasingly attracting attention of all stakeholder groups. Higher education institutions, funding agencies, policy makers as well as the public at large see benefits in accelerating science through opening access to research data. More specifically, this aims at better re-usability and verification of research findings. The latter is particularly of great interest for higher education and other research institutions, as they embody scholarly scrutiny and trust. Once established as an university of a new type that should unify research and teaching, Humboldt-UniversitÃ¤t has recently created a new job position to develop an institutional concept for research data management. In this paper we present the initial situation along with preliminary survey findings and draw the consequences for multidisciplinary higher education institutions by taking the example of Humboldt-UniversitÃ¤t zu Berlin (HU).

<author> Morris, Vanessa Irvin
<title> Teaching and Learning Online: Contextualizing the Distance Education Classroom as a `Safe Space' for Learning LIS Cultural Competency
<abstract> This paper conveys one LIS professor's experience with teaching eight students in a newly minted multicultural/diversity course for an ALA-accredited LIS program. The course was taught 100% online with a structure that aimed to incorporate as much reflection and interaction as possible due to the humanistic nature of the topic of the course. This open-forum approach to presenting the course was met with resistance by students in various ways. This research seeks to explore what it means to be an LIS educator while simultaneously learning ways in which challenging student discourse in an online context impacts learning and possibly, competent library service in the field.

<POSTERS>
<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>

<author>
<title> 
<abstract>


