
<author> Fleischmann, Kenneth R.; Goggins, Sean P.; Howison, James; Lease, Matthew; Oard, Douglas W.
<title> Calling all computer scientists and social scientists: Establishing a research agenda for computational social science
<abstract> Computer scientists and social scientists are major constituent groups in most iSchools. Our goal is to bring these two groups together, including social scientists who study social phenomena broadly or deeply and computer scientists who have computational approaches that can be used to balance the trade-off between depth and breadth (Cheng, Fleischmann, Wang, & Oard, 2008; Fleischmann et al., 2012; Fleischmann, Oard, Cheng, Wang, & Ishita, 2009; Fleischmann, Templeton, & Boyd-Graber, 2011; Oard, 2009). Some researchers have already begun to define themselves as computational social scientists (e.g., Cioffi-Revilla, 2010; Gilbert, 2009; Lazer et al., 2010). This event will be highly relevant to this group, however, and it will also be useful to computer scientists and social scientists who are just beginning to consider collaboration across this disciplinary divide. Broadly, computational social science can be seen as the application of computational approaches (including the development of new computational approaches) to systematically study social phenomena. The first wave of computational social science focused on agent-based modeling (e.g., Cioffi-Revilla, 2010; Gilbert, 2009). The second wave of computational social science involved social network analysis (e.g., Lazer et al., 2010; Mascaro, Novak, & Goggins, 2012). The third wave of computational social science is automatic content analysis, which employs natural language processing techniques to scale up content analysis (e.g., Ishita, Oard, Fleischmann, Cheng, & Templeton, 2010; Templeton, Fleischmann, & Boyd-Graber, 2011a, 2011b; Zhou, Fleischmann, & Wallace, 2010). iSchools contain researchers from all three waves of computational social science. iSchools can also play a leading role in developing future waves of computational social science. One goal of this event is to bring together researchers with complementary interests in computer science and/or social science. Another goal is to help define the emerging field of computational social science and propose some specific research that would help researchers to capitalize on this opportunity. One more goal is to talk about obstacles to successful computational social science research and opportunities to overcome these obstacles, such as new funding mechanisms for interdisciplinary research and collaboration guidelines for collaborating across such broad disciplinary divides. Yet another goal is to set the stage for a larger workshop in the future, perhaps at a future iConference. The final goal is to ensure that the iSchools continue to play a leadership role in the development of computational social science ñ iSchoolers are already at the cutting edge of this emerging field, and iSchools are uniquely situated to lead this field as interdisciplinary homes to both computer scientists and social scientists. The event will begin with a brief introductory presentation. We will then hold four rounds of small group lightning discussions, with the requirement that each discussion group must contain at least one computer scientist and at least one social scientist. We will have a list of questions for each round of lighting discussion to cover. We will end with a full-room discussion with the remaining time. The topic that we will explore, computational social science, should appeal to a wide range of attendees, spanning computer scientists and social scientists. We hope that this event will help people to realize that they are building and to commit to building the field and to make the iSchools central within the field. We also hope that the dynamic format and the continuity of at-conference and online interactions will provide a change of pace from more traditional conference events typically found at other conferences.

<author> Shah, Chirag; He, Daqing; Radford, Marie L.; Oh, Jung-Sun; Connaway, Lynn Silipigni
<title> Collaboration in action: Enabling innovative scholarship with social and crowdsourcing services
<abstract> With an exponentially growing set of e-services and social networks that allow people to be not only consumers, but also producers of information, information seeking and sharing behaviors are rapidly changing. Innovations in areas such as information exchange and knowledge management are coming from scholarship in data sciences, and the ìwisdom of the crowdî has become more than a passing trend. The focus of this event would be to discuss the latest developments in the field of social media and crowdsourcing specific to information seeking, knowledge management, and innovative methods for collaborative question-answering. Specifically, the event will facilitate discussions about and engage the audience in topics such as social search, community-based question-answering, and hybrid models for information seeking. These discussions will be guided by the organizers who come from a variety of backgrounds, institutions, and research areas.

<author> Twidale, Michael B.; Schmidt, Ingbert; Ginger, Jeff; Organisciak, Peter; Adamczyk, Piotr; Lueg, Christopher
<title> Design jams in iSchools: Approaches, challenges and examples
<abstract> Through a live demonstration, we will showcase a group of focused design techniques known collectively as a Design Jam. Design jams are about looking at a particular design challenge and thinking-by doing. Although they often have a component of brainstorming, they involve additional activities, including paper prototyping, and storytelling with personas and scenarios. After the design jam, we will share experiences of teaching design techniques in ischools.

<author> Marchionini, Gary; Eisenberg, Michael; Liddy, Liz; Marshall, Cathy
<title> Educating information professionals for 2050
<abstract> Students who graduate from I-Schools in 2013 will very likely be working in 2050. We cannot predict what the world will be like in 2050 but we should imagine what kind of world we would like to see in 2050. To this end, in June 2012 we held a 2-day symposium and conference in Chapel Hill called Information Professionals 2050 that brought together 16 thought leaders to discuss what kind of information future we would like to see and consider how we best prepare information students today for careers that will still be active at mid-21st century. The proceedings from the symposium and conference are available at http://sils.unc.edu/sites/default/files/publications/Information-Professionals-2050.pdf. This panel brings together three of those thought leaders and the organizer of the meetings. Mike Eisenberg will discuss education trends such as demassification and the evolution of personal education records and how technologies are bringing fundamental changes in how, when, and where learning takes place. Liz Liddy will discuss how entrepreneurship is permeating I-Schools and adding rich experiences to learning, agile approaches to instruction, and new partnerships with industry. Cathy Marshall will discuss the potentials and perils of big data based on ethnographic investigations of how personal and corporate data are collected and used. Gary Marchionini will discuss the core values that information professionals share and how these values drive I-School approaches to socio-technical challenges and education.

<author> Subramaniam, Mega; Ahn, June; Alemanne, Nicole D.; Eisenberg, Michael; Fullerton, Sean; Kazmer, Michelle M.; Mardis, Marcia
<title> Experiencing science in informal learning environments: Tales from the field
<abstract> Informal learning environments such as libraries and museums can play a vital role in attracting youth and children to science learning. Libraries and museums offer potential opportunities for children and youth to explore science in creative ways that are freed from the formal identities and stigmas attached to the academic classroom, by engaging in technology, media, information and pedagogy that is appealing to them. Research on the potential of these information institutions is currently still in its infancy, and a handful of researchers in the information field are exploring such opportunities. Information institutions can offer several unique benefits to science learning -- engaging young people in inquiry, which includes vital information literacy skills, providing access to diverse resources and materials, connecting to young people's personal interests, and making science relevant to their lives. In this event, we will share stories from innovative research that highlight how information institutions offer the above-mentioned benefits to science learning.

<author> Paul, Deborah L.; Heidorn, P. Bryan; Best, Jason; Gilbert, Edward; Neill, Amanda; Ulate, William
<title> Help iDigBio reveal hidden data: iDigBio Augmenting OCR working group needs you - Part II
<abstract> Integrated Digitized Biocollections (iDigBio) is a nation-wide effort funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) to digitize data from hundreds of millions of natural history museum specimens. In a concerted five-part outreach effort, the iDigBio Augmenting Optical Character Recognition Working Group (A-OCR WG) coordinated a 2013 iConference Workshop, Poster, Notes submission, Alternative Event and a concurrent Hackathon hosted by the Botanical Research Institute of Texas (BRIT). The Workshop titled, " Help iDigBio Reveal Hidden Data: iDigBio Augmenting OCR Working Group Needs You" introduces the iSchools community to iDigBio and the A-OCR WG mission and challenges to improve digitization efficiency. This related Alternative Event provides the A-OCR WG an opportunity to report back to iConference Workshop attendees about our first experience using a Hackathon model to work on parsing and user interface design issues specific to our needs. We anticipate to a lively, open discussion with event attendees and future collaborators.

<author> Erickson, Ingrid; Meyers, Eric M.; Small, Ruth
<title> Igniting talk on digital literacy
<abstract> New technologies and developments in media are transforming the way that individuals, groups and societies communicate, learn, work and govern. This new socio-technical reality requires participants to possess not only skills and abilities related to the use of technological tools, but also knowledge regarding the norms and practices of appropriate usage. To be ëdigitally literateí in this way encompasses issues of cognitive authority, safety and privacy, creative, ethical, and responsible use and reuse of digital media, among other topics (Meyers, 2009; Arnone, et al., 2011). A lack of digital literacy increasingly implicates oneís full potential of being a competent student, an empowered employee, or an engaged citizen. Digital literacy is often considered a school-based competency, but it is introduced and developed in informal learning contexts such as libraries, museums, social groups, affinity spaces online, not to mention the home environment. This community-building event will recognize and connect the ways and places we conceptualize and realize digital literacy.

<author> Blanchette, Jean-FranÁois; Ratto, Matt
<title> ìItís a series of tubesî: Exploring net neutrality policy through critical making
<abstract> As an increasing proportion of social lifeófrom education to medicine, business, and national securityóbecomes mediated through the single medium of the Internet, what are appropriate policies to manage and fairly prioritize the flow of packet traffic through networks? Our critical making exercise will use a car track set as a way to experiment with network management policies and the value choices they imply.

<author> Spector, J. Michael; Ifenthaler, Dirk; Knezek, Gerald A.; Tyler-Wood, Tandra; Kim, ChanMin
<title> Methods and technologies to promote information-centered knowledge construction
<abstract> This alternative event for the 2013 iConference is a combination of lightning talks, a demonstration of an assessment technology for knowledge construction in complex domains, and a hands-on exercise in using the tools discussed. The unifying logic for this presentation is that meaningful learning often involves solving challenging and complex problems that allow for multiple solution approaches and a variety of acceptable solutions. While it is important to prepare students to solve such problems, it is difficult to determine the extent to which various interventions and programs are contributing to the development of appropriate problem-solving strategies and attitudes. Simply testing domain knowledge or the ability to solve simple, single-solution problems may not provide support for improving individual student ability or relevant programs and activities. A reliable and robust methodology for assessing the relevant knowledge constructions of students engaged in solving challenging problems is needed, and that is our focus.

<author> Lingel, Jessica; Quirke, Lisa; Caidi, Nadia; Fisher, Karen E.; Pozzi, Ellen
<title> Methods, practice, theory: Researching human information behavior in the context of migration
<abstract> This session uses a roundtable format to bring together researchers working on human information behavior (HIB) and non dominant groups. As a session, we focus on the study of transnational migration, with the understanding that many of the issues faced by researchers in this area are shared by projects on other non-dominant groups. Our objective is to foster conversation among a community of active researchers on the theoretical, methodological, professional and political aspects of migration. The term migration is here considered broadly, so as to include not only movement between countries, but also movement between the urban and rural, permanently or temporarily, once or repeatedly. Rather than discussing individual research projects in depth, we will share methodological challenges of studying migration; relevant interdisciplinary theory or theories that provide insight into migrational experience in the context of information practices; and extensions of research to professional work of information institutions. Our key objective is to provide a space that brings together a community of researchers who share similar interests in (and face similar challenges with) qualitative research with non-dominant groups.

<author> Anderson, Theresa; Bowler, Leanne; Nathan, Lisa; Trauth, Eileen
<title> Plan|play|pressure|pause. Engaging creative information practices
<abstract> This alternative event is one of a series of successful iConference sessions developing a discourse that recognizes and appreciates what the creative milieu described by Howkins (2009) and Florida (2001) means for our creative information practices. Collectively, these events frame a new research area to engage and envision investigations into those practices. The 2013 event critically engages participants in creative practices by drawing upon Andersonís 4P heuristic (plan, play, pressure, pause) to scaffold creative engagements. Each of these ìPsî represents a different way of engaging with information. Working on the premise that having a mix of the four is critical in nurturing an innovative culture, participants are invited to become more mindful of the mix that might best suit their own contexts: be it in their personal practice or the practice of the communities they wish to serve. To wrap-up, participants envision next steps in this emerging research area.

<author> Keralis, Spencer D. C.; Stark, Shannon
<title> The problem of data: iSchools and the new data professional
<abstract> In this fishbowl event, we invite iSchool and LIS faculty and administrators, recent graduates, Library staff and administrators, researchers, and data professionals to speak to the state of data curation education. What are iSchools doing to train data professionals? What are institutions doing to address the professional development needs of librarians? What are the real skills libraries should be demanding of LIS graduates? And how can the various constituents in the data curation lifecycle collaborate to develop and foster these skills in emerging professionals?

<author> Twidale, Michael B.; Cunningham, Sally Jo; Howison, James; Organisciak, Peter; Ginger, Jeff; Schmidt, Ingbert; Smith, Brittany N.; Baker, Karen; Williams, Kate
<title> Tech learning potluck
<abstract> Conference alternative event supporting tech informal learning, social learning, and lifelong learning. Outcomes of this even include: * Building an awareness of existing strengths in supporting tech learning in iSchools. * Sharing experiences and techniques, best practices and ways to address challenges. * Gaining a richer understanding of the space of informal tech learning. * Getting to learn a new app.

<author> Worrall, Adam; Koepfler, Jes A.; Vitak, Jessica; Alemanne, Nicole D.; Snyder, Jaime; Rosenbaum, Howard
<title> Theory and the social nature of information
<abstract> Many scholars have discussed their use of theory and metatheory to study the social nature of information. The approaches brought to the table by doctoral students and junior faculty will continue to shape the future of the information field with a social perspective. This panel will present the theoretical frameworks used by four emerging information scholars (Koepfler, Vitak, Alemanne, and Snyder), who will describe the social nature of information in the context of existing information research and social theory. Each will answer three questions: How and why did they include particular theories in their research framework? How is their framework and its view of the social nature of information unique? What are the implications of their work for studying the social nature of information? The moderator (Worrall), panelists, and discussant (Rosenbaum) will encourage new thinking and discussion among researchers and practitioners interested in social and theoretically-based studies of information.

<author> Shilton, Katie; Zimmer, Michael; Brunton, Finn; Mulligan, Deirdre Kathleen
<title> Values interventions: Ethics scholarship in action
<abstract> The Internet has permeated the economic, political, cultural and social domains of global society and transformed the way in which we present and transmit knowledge. The infrastructure underlying the Internet continues to evolve, with ramifications for not only the technical protocols that govern the way the Internet functions, but also implications for social, economic, and legal issues. Internet protocols affect debates about intellectual property, privacy, security, and information access. What values (e.g. privacy, trust, security, equity, transparency, etc.) are embedded in our current Internet architecture, and what will be considered in the design of future Internet architectures? This panel describes an ongoing project to put ethics scholarship in action: a values intervention into the design of future Internet architectures. Panelists from the NSF-funded Future Internet Architecture Values in Design Council will speak about the effort to introduce social and ethical discussion into technical design practice, and the methods and challenges of such values interventions.

<author> Bowler, Leanne; MacDowell, Kate; Agosto, Denise
<title> Whither the child? The iSchool approach to research relating to children and adolescents
<abstract> This alternative event will investigate how iSchools are approaching research in the area of children and adolescents. Participants will work together to tackle this overarching question: Where does youth research fit in to the iSchool movement?Participants will be asked to contribute to the development of a collaborative agenda for youth-related research in the iSchools by identifying related challenges and opportunities within the iSchool community.

<author> Gazan, Rich
<title> Identifying crossover documents in an interdisciplinary research environment
<abstract> AIRFrame is a NASA project to analyze and integrate astrobiology documents from diverse disciplines to catalyze new knowledge. This paper outlines the technical infrastructure of the current system and reports on an ongoing iterative evaluation, to address the question of how scientists perceive and integrate crossover documents in their research. Some of the obstacles preventing AIRFrame from gaining traction with its target audience of astrobiology researchers include representing their research output accurately, effectively translating and relating diverse metadata, and understanding disciplinary norms and the broader knowledge production infrastructure. The skills required to address these needs suggest a role for both researchers and information professionals to work in tandem with technical tools to catalyze interdisciplinary knowledge. A graduate seminar in interdisciplinary knowledge production, targeted at both researchers and graduate students at the University of Hawaii, has been designed to elicit and impart needed information as input to ongoing AIRFrame development.

<author> Nahon, Karine; Hemsley, Jeff; Mason, Robert M.; Walker, Shawn; Eckert, Josef
<title> Information flows in events of political unrest
<abstract> Social media, as the set of tools typified by blogs and other social networking platforms, is creating a user-generated dynamic, complex information ecosystem. The flow of information across multiple platforms means that traditional media gatekeepers (newspapers and other ëmainstream mediaí) become just one of many pathways by which we learn about and make sense of new information. This research note reports preliminary results of a study based on a dataset of more than 65 million tweets related to the Occupy Wall Street movement, coupled with searches of LexisNexis, to examine information about six events related to Occupy sites in Maine, New York City, Oakland, and the University of California - Davis. The study seeks to understand the relationships among newspapers, blogs, and Twitter as users of each platform report and comment on these events. The preliminary results suggest that the platforms perform distinct but overlapping roles at different periods in the information diffusion life cycle.

<author> Barco, Claire L.; Yatani, Koji; Ma, Yuanye; Gill, Candra K.; Pal, Joyojeet
<title> Information management and communication for dementia: Preliminary research from China
<abstract> In this note, we discuss technology use for professional dementia care in China. Caregiving for people with dementia is particularly stressful, and research has shown that technology could alleviate some of the stresses by facilitating the communication and information management around people with dementia. There are several problem points in the communication channels between the main stakeholders ñ seniors with dementia, professional caregivers, family members and the medical administration. We argue that research on this topic is particularly timely in developing countries like China because they face an aging general population and limited availability of caregivers and technologies. We present preliminary findings from a study on care facilities in Beijing.

<author> Khazraee, Emad
<title> Information recording in archaeological practice: A socio-technical perspective
<abstract> Archaeology is a collective practice and cannot be done in isolation. In addition, given the variety, quantity and scale of archaeological evidence, information technology is a central component of current archaeological practice. This situation provides an excellent case study for the interplay between Information and Communication technologies (ICTs) and institutional and cultural context. This paper reports on a work in progress that examines the role ICTs play in the construction of archaeological knowledge in practice, which focuses on the processes of data recording and information organization. This study uses the conceptual lens of Actor-Network Theory (ANT) and explores important socio-technical aspects of the development of information systems in archaeology. The socio-technical challenges of information recording are conceptualized as practice fault-lines. Three fault-lines of information recording in archaeology are recognized and presented in this paper: 1) Within community vs. cross-community practices; 2) Data management vs. data analysis; 3) Information system designers vs. archaeology practitioners. Recognition of these fault-lines has substantial implications for the design of information organization technologies for collaborative practices.

<author> Santoso, Stephanie; Kuehn, Andreas
<title> Intelligent urbanism: Convivial living in smart cities
<abstract> Technology has been hailed as a panacea for global and local challenges in urban development. This research note explores the role technology plays in facilitating intelligent urbanism and considers how Illichís notion of convivial living can inform urban development. Here, we present one case study on energy that is a work in progress. Two future cases will include transportation and food sourcing. The broader objective of this work is to develop a framework which those involved in the planning, design and deployment of technology in urban spaces can use to integrate conviviality into such environments. This note takes a step in this direction by describing the key elements which can promote convivial tools to facilitate convivial living.

<author> Robert, Lionel; You, Sangseok
<title> Are you satisfied yet? Shared leadership, trust and individual satisfaction in virtual teams
<abstract> Virtual teams provide organizations with numerous advantages by allowing them to assemble individuals irrespective of their physical location. Unfortunately, dispersion and reliance on virtual communications are two characteristics of virtual teams that can reduce team memberís satisfaction. Promoting satisfaction is important because it is associated with increases in individual behaviors that promote team performance. To address this issue, this paper conducts a multi-level analysis that investigates the influence of shared leadership and individual trust on individual satisfaction in virtual teams. Results indicate that both shared leadership and individual trust increase individual satisfaction. In addition, the significance of a cross-level moderation effect between shared leadership and individual trust indicates that the two act as substitutes for one another. In essence, either shared leadership or trust can be used to facilitate individual satisfaction in virtual teams.

<author> Nugent, Tim; Lueg, Christopher; Bennett, Andrew
<title> The Atlas Project - Comparing time and place
<abstract> The Atlas Project is an interdisciplinary mobile proof of concept prototype for spatial and historical exploration of the Hunters Wharf area of Hobart, Australia. The goal of this research is to create a mobile application allowing historical information to be transferred out of the history books and made more easily available for a variety of different tasks. Through a heavily iterative process, a prototype designed through continually discussion amongst three different groups led to the research focussing on comparison of historical maps supported by additional spatiotemporally indexed features as the primary means of interacting with historical data. This paper outlines the iterative development of this prototype, presenting research challenges and solutions encountered during that process, it introduces a novel approach of presenting both spatially and temporally sensitive information satisfying multiple workflows and multiple disciplines. Finally the paper presents many interesting opportunities for future work.

<author> Paul, Deborah L.; Heidorn, P. Bryan
<title> Augmenting optical character recognition (OCR) for improved digitization: Strategies to access scientific data in natural history collections
<abstract> The Augmenting OCR Working Group (A-OCR WG) at Integrated Digitized Biocollections (iDigBio) seeks to improve community OCR strategies and algorithms for faster, better parsing of OCR output derived from valuable data on natural history collection specimen labels. This task is exceedingly difficult because museum labels are often annotated, and vary in content, form and font. Under the National Science Foundation's (NSF) Advancing Digitization of Biological Collections (ADBC) program, iDigBio is building a cyberinfrastructure to aggregate quality data from museum specimens housed in collections across the United States for use by researchers, educators, environmentalists and the public. Since March of 2012, the A-OCR WG formed from community consensus to begin its role in this endeavor, defining reachable goals including setting up a hackathon concurrent with iConference 2013. This paper reports on the definition of some key problems identified by the A-OCR WG since these science problems will drive research and cyberinfrastructure development.

<author> Wedgeworth, Robert
<title> Certain characteristics of iSchools v. other LIS programs
<abstract> This exploratory dissertation study compares 17 iSchools and 36 Other Schools that offer the ALA-accredited Masters degree program with respect to certain characteristics. The study compiles quantitative and qualitative data on 32 variables and subvariables drawn from the 2010 ALISE Statistical Report, web sites of the schools, and the Elsevier SCOPUS database. Statistical analysis of the data reveals significant differences between the iSchools and the Other Schools. The analysis and results have been completed, but the conclusions and implications are still under consideration.

<author> Lin, Lin; Bigenho, Chris
<title> Chatting with friends online while watching a video: What and how much information is retained?
<abstract> The increase in connected devices in todayís learning environments places greater control in the hands of students as to how they use their time and attention. The connected devices combined with the popularity of social media and text based chat tools, have made it easier for students to multitask in the lecture-based classes. This paper expands an ongoing study that examines the effects of media multitasking, in particular, chatting while watching a taped lecture, on studentsí attention, memory and learning.

<author> Zavalina, Oksana L.; Vassilieva, Elena V.
<title> Comparative analysis of user searching in domain-specific and domain-independent digital libraries
<abstract> This note reports preliminary results of a comparative transaction log analysis study of user searching in two digital libraries in the United States ó a large-scale digital library in the domain of US history and a domain-independent federal-level digital library that aggregates digital collections regardless of their subject scope. This investigation reveals similarities in user search behavior among the two types of digital libraries with regard to rate of collection-level search use and application of search limits, most often occurring search categories, etc. At the same time, notable differences are observed in the rate of fielded search and phrase search use, average search query length and frequencies, and distribution of some search categories. This study provides empirical data to support digital library developersí decision making regarding audience-based information organization in large-scale digital libraries.

<author> Abreu, Amelia; Acker, Amelia
<title> Context and collection: A research agenda for small data
<abstract> In recent years, big data has become a prevalent issue for information studies. In an era of big data, can we contemplate research data that relies more on the context of creation than volume and variety of source. In this note, we report on early findings of phenomena we identify as small data. Despite the outpouring of critique and theoretical assertions related to big data, little attention has been paid to the collections, researchers and collecting institutions that get left out the rhetoric of big data. We present criteria for small data and explore some of the issues inherent in developing small data research. The resulting analysis develops future directions towards a comprehensive small data research agenda. We also develop and discuss factors for consideration in context, preservation and access of both big and small data.

<author> Dudas, Patrick M.
<title> Cooperative, dynamic Twitter parsing and visualization for dark network analysis
<abstract> Developing a network based on Twitter data for social network analysis (SNA) is a common task in most academic domains. The need for real-time analysis is not as prevalent due to the fact that researchers are interested in the analysis of Twitter information after a major event or for an overall statistical or sociological study of general Twitter users. Dark network analysis is a specific field that focuses on criminal, terroristic, or people of interest networks in which evaluating information quickly and making decisions from this information is crucial. We propose a platform and visualization called Dynamic Twitter Network Analysis (DTNA) that incorporates real-time information from Twitter, its subsequent network topology, geographical placement of geotagged tweets on a Google Map, and storage for long-term analysis. The platform provides a SNA visualization that allows the user to interpret and change the search criteria quickly based on visual aesthetic properties built from key dark network utilities with a user interface that can be dynamic, up-to-date for time critical decisions and geographic specific.

<author> Khazraee, Emad; Townes, Adam; Grubesic, Anthony
<title> Disparities in distribution of information resources in the city of Philadelphia: Spatial analysis of socio-demographic and information resource variables
<abstract> This study explored the use of GIS techniques to spatially explore and identify areas where provision of public library and information services are insufficient. By identifying the spatial distribution of inequity of access to information services in Philadelphia. Geographic analysis techniques were applied to investigate the existence of a relationship between spatial orientation, socio-economic factors and information access. The findings of this study suggest the existence of a spatial pattern in relation to disparity of the distribution of information resources in Philadelphia. A secondary analysis utilized the aforementioned findings to assess the existence of patterns of library service provision on a limited data set. The results of analyses indicate that in the disadvantaged areas of Philadelphia, public libraries play the role of information access gateways/bridges. The findings can be used to better locate the future public library and information service centers in the city of Philadelphia.

<author> Xiao, Lu
<title> Do members converge to similar reasoning styles in teamwork? A study of shared rationales in small team activities
<abstract> Seeking better understanding of the group impact on the membersí reasoning styles, we have been using Rhetorical Structure Theory to analyze rationale statements collected from group activities. Our early analysis showed that in the studied activity context the participants all focused on subject matter relations with three most common techniques: providing contextual information of the main point (circumstance relation), offering additional details of the main point (elaboration relation), and evaluation of the main point (evaluation relation). The results also suggest that group is an influencing factor on membersí reasoning styles in terms of the rhetoric of the rationales, and the use of circumstance and elaboration techniques.

<author> Lopatovska, Irene; Pattuelli, M. Cristina; Lange, Leanora; Ludas Orlofsky, Victoria
<title> E-books in academia: Expectations and challenges
<abstract> This paper reports on the results of a pilot study conducted as part of a larger project aimed at understanding the evolving role of e-books in academia. The study used a survey, a scenario-based usability test, and interviews to collect data on e-book reading habits, specific user expectations, and issues related to the usability of an academic library interface for e-book access. Future work will investigate factors affecting user preferences and patterns of use in context, including routine use of academic e-books.

<author> Marcinkowski, Michael
<title> Educational dialogue and technological utterances: A phenomenological approach to developing a theory of evocative design practice
<abstract> Online and distance education presents many challenges for both educators and system designers. The nature of these challenges is given particular clarity when examining online education in respect to pedagogical approaches which emphasize the importance of dialogue as part of the educational process. In order to begin to understand the dialogic role that technology plays in online education, a phenomenologically-oriented conceptual framework is sketched out. Taking computer interactions to be structured largely as interpretive processes that occur within a wider cultural context, the role of online educational systems in instructor-student dialogue is presented as a form of technological utterance, able to both sustain, as well as instantiate, messages in a dialogue between students and instructors. Introducing questions for future research, the aim is to develop design theory for both the design of online education as well as for design in general.

<author> Allen, Warren
<title> Exploring hybrid-economic communities and the technology-mediated identities performed there
<abstract> This research note describes an ongoing ethnographic study of a professional, knowledge-sharing community of information technology professionals. The overarching goal of the research is to understand the use and consequences of social information systems designed for recognizing and rewarding contri-butions to professional communities within and beyond the workplace. The research presented in this note explores the following question: How does technology mediate the performance of professional identity, and what role is played by the social institutions ñ e.g., the firm as employer, the firm as a market actor, the professional community, etc. ñ in enabling and constraining the construction of a professional identity?

<author> Coles, Katharine; Gonnering Lein, Julie
<title> Finding and figuring flow: Notes toward multidimensional poetry visualization
<abstract> Under a grant funded by the NEH in the US and the AHRC, ESRC, and JISC in the UK, we are collaborating with computer scientists to create digital poetry visualization tools for fellow creative writers and literary scholars, beginning with sonic patterns and moving on first to more abstract figural constructs such as images and metaphors and then to relationships among poems. Like other digital humanities teams, we aim to develop software that will help readers recognize and analyze patterns in and among poems as aids to close readings and eventually to larger scholarly inquiries. What we hope will help distinguish our project from other efforts, though, is the strong emphasis we are placing on poetryís multidimensionalityóespecially its relationship to and experience of time, which we are working to access through time-dependent visualizations via the metaphor of ìflow.î

<author> Lemieux, Victoria L.
<title> How archivists think: Exploring the archival reasoning process using cognitive task analysis and verbal protocols
<abstract> Development of visual analytics technologies to support archival analysis, such as that conducted during arrangement and description, requires an understanding of the analytic task that the technology is being designed to support. Visualization technologies developed for archival application currently pay little attention to the analytic, cognitive and perceptual aspects of the design process. This paper, based on first results from a cognitive task analysis using verbal protocols, provides a broad brush description of archival analysis during arrangement and description. It then suggests some possible leverage points where visual analytics technology might be applied to support archival arrangement and description practices.

<author> Buttfield-Addison, Paris; Lueg, Christopher; Ellis, Leonie
<title> iPad as PIM device: Input, interrelation and indexes
<abstract> This paper presents preliminary results from components of a larger research study which explores the processes and challenges of information workers conducting personal information management (PIM) within offices. Here, we focus on the findings specific to users of iPad-style tablet computers with the Evernote PIM software; data reported was collected using several online questionnaires and semi- structured interviews; content analysis and open coding techniques were used to analyse the data. Our results suggest three themes ññ input, linking and tagging fatigue ññ that regularly impact users of this software; these themes are not specific to Evernote. Our results give insights into the use of software for PIM, generally, and specifically the use of software on iPad-style tablet computers for PIM, and we provide suggestions for future work to improve tools and practices.

<author> Jiang, Jiepu; He, Daqing; Han, Shuguang; Jeng, Wei
<title> Is the article crucial to my research? Evaluating task-oriented impacts of scientific articles in information seeking
<abstract> We propose a new aspect of evaluating scientific articles: crucialness, which refers to the state of articles being not only useful, but also scarce (difficult to be found or identified by scientists). Compared with the popularity-based metrics, crucialness may be a better metric in helping scientistsí information seeking and use because it identifies scientistsí difficulties in information seeking and reveals the crucial articles that may help scientists succeed in research. Some preliminary results are presented and discussed.

<author> Bullard, Julia
<title> It takes a jerk to make a conversation into an archive
<abstract> This preliminary study examines an online communityís open censorship moderation practice, revealing a concern for the quality of the archive produced by discussion board discourse. Moderator comments in a censorship sub-forum are examined to determine the rationale behind otherwise vague published rules. Instead of motivating participation with supportive administration strategies, the strict moderation practices in the elitistjerks.com (EJ) forums intervene in conversations in ways that prioritize the intelligibility and accessibility of the archive by being a ìjerkî to bad contributors.

<author> McPhail, Brenda; Ferenbok, Joseph; Dehghan, Roxanna; Clement, Andrew
<title> ìIíll be watching youî: What do Canadians know about video surveillance and privacy?
<abstract> The growth of video surveillance systems and their augmentation by biometric and smart algorithms has significant implications for personal privacy. The growth of ICT networks and technologies such as face recognition make it increasingly important for people to know their personal information rights. Our project assesses what citizens know about the privacy implications of developing video surveillance technologies. We have three key questions: 1. What do Canadians know about their visual (video) information privacy rights?; 2. Does information about the current technologies and capabilities change peopleís perspectives on visual privacy policy?; and 3. What information do people need? Three research stages are planned: interviews regarding video surveillance, workshops and round-table discussions on visual information policy, and a Public Forum to promote discussion among stakeholders including citizens, government agencies, vendors, academics, civil society, and media. This Research Note summarizes the project and reports on preliminary findings from 126 interview participants.

<author> Mills, Leila A.; Knezek, Gerald A.; Wakefield, Jenny S.
<title> Learning with social media: Measurement tools for understanding information behavior in technology pervasive environments of the 21st century
<abstract> This research reports findings for a study of information behavior for technology pervasive information environments of the 21st Century. Social media users (n=147) completed an online learning preference survey battery which included four Likert-type (strongly disagree to strongly agree) instruments: the Social Media Learning (SML) scale, the Technology Affinity Survey (TAS), the Computer Attitudes Questionnaire (CAQ), and the Integrated Communications Technology Learning (ICTL) survey. Data analysis centered on developing an understanding of information seeking behavior in order to design instruction which will support the inquiry process in technology pervasive information environments such as Web 2.0 environments. Findings were that 23% of the variance in information seeking behavior can be explained with the proposed model.

<author> Khoo, Michael; Tudhope, Doug; Binding, Ceri; Jones, Hilary; Orrego, Ivan; Ahn, Jae-wook
<title> MASHing metadata: Legacy issues in OAI harvesting from three digital libraries
<abstract> This note reports on efforts to build a generalizable OAI-PMH workflow to retrieve metadata sets from unrelated digital libraries. This effort is part of a wider effort to build a database to aggregate metadata from different digital libraries, which can then be used as the basis for content analysis and data mining experiments with the metadata records. A pilot metadata harvest from three digital libraries using OAIPMH encountered a number of issues, arising from idiosyncratic legacy characteristics of each of the three metadata sets. In the end, the harvests had to be manually tailored to each library. OAI-PMH proved to be a useful approach, but only after communication with each digital library had identified important characteristics of each metadata set, including many legacy characteristics, which had to be accounted for in the harvest.

<author> Howarth, Lynne C.; Hendry, Erica
<title> Memory cues, recall strategies, and Alzheimerís disease
<abstract> This paper reports on partial findings from research exploring (1) how individuals with mild Alzheimerís disease (AD) use memory cues in the form of representations (tokens) to recall life stories, and (2) ways in which representations (tokens) influence the nature and content of the recall narrative. Further, it examines whether memory recall differs in response to personal, participant-chosen memory cues, as compared to those selected by someone other than the participant. Reliance on personal artifacts used during two of three unstructured interview sessions resulted in recollections that seemed more scripted in delivery and circumscribed in detail. Researcher-selected tokens, used exclusively during session 3, yielded more fully formed recollections, and additional stories. Early findings suggest that generic associations may be at least equal to, if not more effective than, unique, individuated artifacts to engendering creative self-expression and vivid personal recall for those experiencing the initial memory loss of AD.

<author> Schmidt, Ingbert
<title> Re-inventing the wheel: The re-creation of documents in a bumble-bee organization
<abstract> In Library and Information Science our emphasis is typically on facilitating reuse of documents. There are many motivations behind this emphasis, but efficiency and time savings are common motivations. However, participants in an on-going study of knowledge communication practices have a strong tendency to re-create existing documents from scratch, despite the fact that sometimes multiple documents that serve the same purpose already exist in the organization's archive. While at first this behavior seems wasteful, examination of their practices indicate that participants often have good reasons for re-creating documents. These include (a) empowerment, (b) learning, (c) personalization, (d) customization, and (e) simplification.

<author> Kou, Yubo; Nardi, Bonnie
<title> Regulating anti-social behavior on the Internet: The example of League of Legends
<abstract> Anti-social behavior, such as flaming in newsgroups and forums, is pervasive and problematic in many online venues. Such behavior breaks established norms and unsettles the well-being and development of online communities. Therefore, regulating anti-social behavior becomes an important issue in online management. In this paper, we examine flaming in the context of an online game, League of Legends. We discuss an effort the game developer, Riot Games, presents to deal with anti-social behavior. The "Tribunal System" empowers players to judge misbehavior. We conducted an ethnographic study of the game to explore the reasons for anti-social behavior, and we analyze the development of the Tribunal System.

<author> Jones, Elisabeth A.
<title> ìSometimes I believe as many as six impossible things before breakfastî: Outsider naÔvetÈ as an asset in the initiation of massive-scale book provision efforts
<abstract> Based on preliminary analysis of archival and interview data collected for a larger research project, this paper explores the role of naÔvetÈ regarding existing library practice in initiating four massive-scale public book provision efforts: the Boston Public Library, the Carnegie library program, the Google Books Library Project, and the Open Content Alliance. Based on these case examples, it is suggested that such naÔvetÈ can be a useful facilitator in the initial phases of such projects ñ and can sometimes make the difference between their materializing and not materializing ñ but that in order to succeed, these efforts must eventually draw in others with substantial domain expertise and/or ingenuity.

<author> Willis, Matt; ÿsterlund, Carsten
<title> Towards a method of documentary practices for personal health information management
<abstract> The intellectual fields that contribute to understanding patientsí use of health information systems are many, yet there is stagnation in the variety and richness of methodologies employed to investigate the complex socio-technical relationship between health consumers using technical systems to engage in the practice of personal health information management. This is in part due to the methodological challenges of studying patientsí documentation practices. In this note we present the early development of a document practice approach to address these gaps. The documentary practice approach is rooted in the socio-technical epistemic understanding that social systems and technology are intricately connected and influence each other. Documentary practice methodologies are mindful of this entanglement in studying the work practices of actors by connecting practice to the use of documents, both physical and digital, and mapping the actorsí field of documents and technical infrastructure.

<author> Zhang, Guangxuan; Purao, Sandeep
<title> Using vignettes to study conflict management practices in enterprise architecture initiatives
<abstract> This note presents an ongoing effort to study conflict management practices in EA initiatives. We suggest an adaptation of the vignette technique to collect data and describe how it was used as part of an exploratory study. The analysis so far reveals four conflict management practices ñ avoiding, dominating, compromising, and transforming. We describe situations in which the four practices were used, investigate some of the intricacies revealed by the vignettes and elaborate on the potential for using vignettes to study conflict management practices.

<author> Wittison, Nicholas; Lueg, Christopher
<title> Utilizing public displays to enable location-centric information sharin
<abstract> Location-centric information sharing means that information can be shared at a specific geographic location by any person, regardless of the person's actual geographic location. Conceptually, we position location-centric information sharing as a contribution to P3 (People to People to Geographic Place) research which is about understanding the (new) meaning of place in social networks. Technically, we describe a proof of concept that links recent developments in mobile technology (smartphones and tablet computers, such as iPads) and large public displays and that demonstrates how off-the-shelf technology can be used to enable the remote sourcing of highly location-sensitive information. We are currently looking into installing the AskAway prototype for long-term embedded evaluation at a number of locations including universities, start-up companies and coffee shops.

<author> Dudas, Patrick M.; Ahn, Jae-wook; de Jongh, Martijn; Brusilovsky, Peter
<title> Visualizing overlapping latent communities using POI-based visualizations
<abstract> Developing social network visualizations based on collaborative activities can provide a meaningful statistical and topological understanding of the overall dynamics between individuals in a common setting, but without any additional layers of information, interpretation is left to the researcher and the dataset provided. We argue that visualizations based on points of interest can provide a better understanding and identification of centralized nodes and validation of groupings determined by a variety of clustering algorithms. We present two visualization systems SuperVIBE and ContextForces that implement this approach. These systems operate by creating two-dimensional latent spaces by means of grouping nodes using external variables not presented in the graph and by offering an interactive visualization to filter and map in these latent spaces. Understanding which latent groups are most central to a variety of topics and providing visual clues to the individuals critical to those groups provides a mechanism to explore and discover.

<author> LÛpez, Claudia; Farzan, Rosta; Sahebi, Shaghayegh (Sherry); Brusilovsky, Peter
<title> What influences the decision to participate in audience-bounded online communities?
<abstract> Building online communities to support small, audience-bounded offline social structures such as neighborhoods or organizations can be challenging. Due to the small size of their potential audience, the contribution volume is likely to be insufficient to maintain a sustainable community-driven system. In our research, we are interested in studying how different characteristics of the offline structure of these communities can influence their online behavior. Particularly, we analyzed participation of researchers in a social system for conferences. Our analysis shows that centrality in the academic social structure is a significant predictor of the likelihood to accept an invitation to participate in the system. These results suggest that an understanding of the usersí offline context can increase the effectiveness of user engagement strategies in an online context.

<author> Maurin Sˆderholm, Hanna; Lassi, Monica; Nelhans, Gustaf; Nolin, Jan
<title> ìYou guys who download stuff illegally, donít you ever feel guilty?î: Initial analysis of changes in practices and values among Swedish illegal file sharers 2007-2012
<abstract> The study reports on the practices of illegal file sharing in Sweden during the period 2007-2012. More than 1.000 posts in response to the question ìYou guys who download stuff illegally, donít you ever feel guilty?î where analyzed with regard to the respondentsí expressed senses of guilt, whether file sharing was right or wrong, if they buy media, together with dimensions of stakeholders and media genres. Preliminary results suggest that no changes in feelings of guilt were detected during the time period. However, more posts report to now buy media, while at there at the same time seem to be an increase in posts expressing file sharing, despite its current illegal status, is a right thing to do. A qualitative analysis is needed to further understand the complexity of current changes in file sharers justifications for what content to acquire through illegal file sharing, what they choose to pay for ñ and why.

<author> Chen, Hsuanwei Michelle
<title> Group polarization in virtual communities: The case of stock message boards
<abstract> This study examines group polarization, the phenomenon that group members tend to become more extreme in their decisions after group discussions, in the setting of virtual communities, specifically on stock message boards. In this paper, I propose two factors ñ group size and discussion thread length ñ to introduce the group polarization theories, social comparison theory (SCT) and persuasive arguments theory (PAT), respectively, to virtual communities. I examined the effects that group size and thread length have on group polarization, which is measured by forum participantsí sentiments. The findings suggest that group size has a significant effect on group polarization. The result of thread length, however, is mixed: the effect of thread length depends on the degree of posting activity on the message board. The analysis and findings echo prior literature, in which SCT and PAT are claimed to serve as two key mechanisms that drive group polarization.

<author> Glasgow, Kimberly
<title> Hand in glove, or square peg, round hole: An exploration of social network analysis applied to online community trace data
<abstract> Online communities have been studied using social network analysis. These studies often utilize online community data extracted from digital trace data or user behavior observed in the system used by the community. However, the relationship between the networks depicted in the trace data and the social networks reported or observed by community members themselves is not well understood. As a result, the implications for interpretation of social network measures in this context are unknown. This is a fundamental gap in our understanding of and ability to analyze online community. This study analyzes empirical data for both trace networks and respondent-reported networks, and compares these networks across a number of social network measures for a salient online community. Significant differences between trace networks and reported social networks are found. These differences are observed at multiple levels of analysis, from the individual to the whole network.

<author> Schoenebeck, Sarita Yardi; Bruckman, Amy
<title> If we build it, will they come? Designing a community-based online site for parents
<abstract> Parents are busy people. Designing social software for parents requires understanding the particular needs and constraints governing their lives. In this paper, we present a study of a community-based site called ParentNet. Based on prior formative work, ParentNet was designed to support parents in keeping up with their childrenís social media use. With 10 months of deployment and 133 participants, ParentNet was successful in some regards and unsuccessful in others. Drawing from log data and focus groups, we arrive at three findings. First, parents may not easily switch from existing school communication platforms that they are already familiar with. Second, school support was critical for promoting adoption. Third, parents felt like they had too much technology in their lives and were not looking for more platforms to keep up with. We conclude with lessons for designing for parents and a discussion of technology overuse as a design constraint.

<author> Baron, Luis Fernando; Neils, Moriah; Gomez, Ricardo
<title> Jobs and family relations: Use of computers and mobile phones among Hispanic day laborers in Seattle
<abstract> This paper presents the results of a research project on the use of computers and mobile phones by Hispanic day laborers at Casa Latina, a non-profit organization in Seattle, Washington. Drawing from over 100 interviews, participatory observations and a focus group, we found that information and communication technologies (ICT) help immigrant day laborers to remain connected with their families and their employers. Mobile phones complement but do not replace the use of computers: mobile phones are used primarily to obtain jobs, while computers and the Internet are used mostly to communicate with family and friends. The results of this study offer new insight regarding the way day laborers use ICT to facilitate their navigation and integration into society as immigrants with precarious existences in the US. This study can also inform programs to help provide better support services and training that can effectively meet the needs of these extremely underserved populations.

<author> Cunningham, Sally Jo; Bainbridge, David
<title> An analysis of cooking queries: Implications for supporting leisure cooking
<abstract> Cooking is a common and an information-intensive activity. We analyze a set of 678 cooking-related queries to identify the attributes that cooks provide in their queries to the Google AnswersTM ëask an expertí online reference system. The results suggest directions to take in developing an effective organization and improved functionality for a cooking-focused digital library.

<author> Mueller, Milton L.; Kuerbis, Brenden
<title> Buying numbers: An empirical analysis of the IPv4 number market
<abstract> This paper discusses the emergence of a trading market for previously allocated Internet address blocks. The controversies associated with commoditization of Internet addresses, and the way this conflicts with official narratives about migration to a new Internet protocol (IPv6) makes this topic the "elephant in the room" in Internet governance circles. Drawing on RIR and Whois records, it compiles factual information about the number of address blocks that have been traded and their size as a percentage of the overall address space, the pricing of these resources and whether the traded addresses are being routed or not. The paper shows how this data bears on policy issues, such as needs assessment and property rights in IPv4 blocks.

<author> Lee, Jisue; Ryu, Hohyon; Mon, Lorri; Park, Sung Jae
<title> Citizensí use of Twitter in political information sharing in South Korea
<abstract> This study examined citizensí use of social networking site Twitter in political information sharing in South Korea. Content analysis was used in classifying message types and sentiments from the most frequently re-tweeted (RT) messages including the names of three top political leaders running for general elections in 2012. Correlation analysis comparing citizensí use of Twitter in political information sharing online with results of public opinion polls offline indicated: 1) the volume and magnitude of re-tweeted messages are significantly correlated with results of public opinion polls; 2) types of messages are not correlated with the public opinion polling results; 3) positive and negative sentiment revealed in Twitter messages are highly correlated with the results of public opinion polls. Findings from this case study provide insights into citizensí use of Twitter in political communication.

<author> Goggins, Sean P.
<title> Collaboration in isolation: Bridging social and geographical boundaries in two rural technology firms
<abstract> Little attention has been given to understanding how technology is used to bridge social and geographical boundaries between metropolitan and rural firms in developed nations like the United States. In this paper we draw on theory from social worlds to contrast the introduction and integration of collaboration technologies in two small (23-53 employees) rural technology firms in the Midwestern US. We report on a three-year ethnographic study of the work practices and technologies used to forge relationships between distant offices and customers at each firm. Data include participant observation, field notes, memos and interviews with 71 informants. Based on our data, we identified organizational facets of geography, socio-technical configuration and collaboration practices as instrumental in the formation of working spheres [31] for members of each firm. As the facets of each firm change over time, our data show social, organizational and technical practices lead to different types of virtual organization at each firm. One firmís working spheres coalesce, while the other firmís working spheres split. We show that small firms operating in rural areas experience unique social and geographic boundaries in their development as virtual organizations.

<author> Jaeger, Paul T.; Gorham, Ursula; Bertot, John Carlo; Taylor, Natalie Greene; Larson, Elizabeth; Lincoln, Ruth; Lazar, Jonathan; Wentz, Brian
<title> Connecting government, libraries, and communities: Information behavior theory and information intermediaries in the design of the LibEGov tool
<abstract> As e-government grows in scope and complexity, an increasing number of e-government services have surpassed the digital access and literacy of many members of the public. Often referred to as the digitally excluded, these individuals seek information intermediaries ñ such as public libraries and other community anchor institutions ñ to bridge their information needs and e-government systems. In this paper, the authors describe the data - surveys, case studies, interviews, site visits, and usability and accessibility testing ñ used to analyze the needs of the public, libraries, and government agencies. The focus then shifts to the methods employed to develop an innovative online resource that supports these information intermediaries and partnerships. Finally, the roles of the online resource in facilitating information access for these information intermediaries are examined through the lens of the theory of information worlds to illuminate the broader implications for this work. These three sections demonstrate scholarship in action - data leading to innovation and wisdom.

<author> Prestopnik, Nathan
<title> Cooperative visualization: A design case
<abstract> In this design case, the design of visualization tools to support the Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory (LIGO) is described. A participatory approach to visualizing a complex computational pipeline was adopted, with the goal of exploring what benefits might be derived when groups of people visualize complex information for themselves. Direct participation in LIGO activities helped IV researchers to combine explicitly codified data from the LIGO computational pipeline with structural knowledge tacitly held by project scientists. Both sources of information were critical to producing meaningful visualizations and progressing design and research efforts. Ultimately, this design case demonstrates how cooperatively creating visualizations can enhance understanding and support group activities and goals. It is a call for more human-centeredness within the visualization literature.

<author> Baumer, Eric P. S.; Polletta, Francesca; Pierski, Nicole; Celaya, Chris; Rosenblatt, Karen; Gay, Geri K.
<title> Developing computational supports for frame reflection
<abstract> As the number and variety of sources for political information increase, it can become difficult to attend to the complexities of political issues. This difficulty lies not only in understanding what is being said, i.e. the content of an issue, but also how it is being said, i.e., the framing of the issue. This paper presents a prototype visualization tool designed to encourage attention to, and critical reflection about, the ways in which a political issue is framed. The tool visually presents linguistic analysis of documents about the issue of cap and trade. Results show that tool use interacted with participants' prior views in affecting their ability to suggest novel framings of the issue, one potential indicator of frame reflection. Tool use also mediated participants' exposure to different viewpoints. These findings help provide insights on how the design of tools for civic participation can help promote thoughtful, reflective political engagement.

<author> Yang, Ji Yeon; Rieh, Soo Young
<title> A dyadic approach to information mediation at work: Examining credibility and value perceptions
<abstract> In daily interaction, workers play the dual role of information seekers and mediators by receiving or providing advice on how to find and use information. Using an online diary method, this study examines the dynamic and interactive process of information mediation focusing on (1) what factors influence how workers perceive the credibility of advice, (2) what factors influence how they perceive the value of the information mediation process, and (3) how their credibility perception impacts the value perception, depending on whether they receive or provide advice. The results show that, when receiving advice, credibility and value perceptions were almost exclusively influenced by the nature of the task for which the advice was needed. When providing advice, those perceptions were affected by more diverse factors including advice type and tenure. Furthermore, the relationship between credibility and value perceptions showed a marked difference depending on whether a person received or provided advice.

<author> Choi, Erik; Scott, Craig R.; Shah, Chirag
<title> Effects of user identity information on key answer outcomes in social Q&A
<abstract> Social Q&A (SQA) services have been growing in popularity among health information seekers. Even though research has paid much attention to a variety of characteristics of SQA services to investigate how people interact with each other for seeking and sharing information, the issues of identity and anonymity in these services that might relate to key user outcomes have been understudied. Such issues are especially important when dealing with stigmatized health conditions or sensitive health-related questions where choices are made about the revealing and concealing of identifying information in SQA environments. In the current study, we identified 110 stigmatized health questions from Yahoo! Answers that contained varied amounts and types of identity information corresponding to a framework developed in the study. We found that there are differences for providing personal contact information in oneís profile when relating identity information in user profiles to identity information in user questions. Questions with a high amount of demographic information in questions tend to receive slightly higher average number of responses and take shorter time to receive the best answer for stigmatized health questions.

<author> Romanosky, Sasha; Hoffman, David; Acquisti, Alessandro
<title> Empirical analysis of data breach litigation
<abstract> The surge in popularity of social media, cloud computing, and mobile services has created an unprecedented opportunity for the collection, use and sale of personal consumer information. While these services clearly provide many benefits to producers and consumers, individuals suffer harm when their personal information is lost, stolen, or improperly accessed, causing emotional distress or monetary damage from fraud and identity theft.1 Since 2005, an estimated 543 million records have been lost from over 2,800 data breaches,2 and identity theft caused $13.3 billion in consumer financial loss in 2010 (Bureau of Justice, 2011). In response, federal legislators have introduced numerous bills that define appropriate business practices regarding the collection and protection of consumer information, 3 and federal regulators have drafted privacy frameworks for consumer data protection (Department of Commerce, 2010; Federal Trade Commission, 2010). For instance, the Department of Commerce inquired: ìshould baseline commercial data privacy legislation include a private right of action?î (Department of Commerce, 2010, 30). At issue is the degree to which federal consumer litigation deters privacy harms, or whether a new federal privacy statute is required. However, little is known about the trends in data breach litigation ñ which breaches are litigated and which are not, and with what outcomes. Current scholarship examines only a narrow subset of lawsuits, usually focusing on high-profile cases or those with published opinions. And so, to our knowledge, no empirical research involving data breach lawsuits has been conducted. The purpose of this manuscript is to explore two questions. First, what kinds of data breaches are being litigated in federal court, and why? Second, what kinds of data breach lawsuits are settling, and why?

<author> Shaffer, Gwen; Jordan, Scott
<title> An examination of how the FCC uses ìvoluntary commitmentsî from merging telecommunications companies to advance policy goals
<abstract> This study examines the FCCís historical use of ìvoluntary commitmentsî when approving telecommunications company mergers. Because complex factors such as market conditions, corporate lobbying, political climate and technological change dictate regulations, it is grounded in a political economic framework. Using a focused synthesis, the authors examined key policy issues, such as the political climate and power structures in place during various telecommunications company transactions. The study contrasts the FCCís ability to extract commitments from merging companies with previous unsuccessful attempts to achieve similar goals through the established rulemaking process, with particular focus on the 2011 Comcast/NBC-Universal merger. The newly formed company agreed to a slew of voluntary commitments that advanced policiesórelated to streaming video, digital inclusion and online journalismóstrongly opposed by industry during previous FCC attempts to impose them industry-wide.

<author> Zhang, Yan
<title> An exploratory study of usersí preferences and use of sources for seeking health information
<abstract> Studies have surveyed college studentsí use of health information sources. But still little is known about the cognitive processes involved in their source evaluation and selection. To explore this topic, we conducted in-depth interviews with twenty students about their use of sources for specific health-related incidents in their lives. The results suggested that search engines, health websites, doctors, and parents were the most important sources, while social media and libraries were the least important ones. The participants cared about the quality and accessibility of information, but also inclined to use sources that they are familiar and comfortable with, sources that match their interests, or sources that are personal and engaging. In actual information seeking, some participants relied only on search engines, while more used multiple sources and involved family, friends, or doctors in the process. The resultsí implications to the design of health websites and health education programs were discussed.

<author> Rubel, Alan; Biava, Ryan
<title> A framework for comparing privacy states
<abstract> This paper offers a framework for analyzing and comparing privacy and privacy protections across (inter alia) time, place, and polity and for examining factors that affect privacy and privacy protection. This framework provides a way to describe precisely aspects of privacy and context and a flexible vocabulary and notation for such descriptions and comparisons. Moreover, it links philosophical and conceptual work on privacy to social science and policy work and accommodates different conceptions of the nature and value of privacy. The paper begins with an outline of the framework. It then refines the view by describing a hypothetical application. The paper concludes with an argument that the framework offers important advantages to privacy scholarship and for privacy policy makers.

<author> Glasgow, Kimberly; Fink, Clayton
<title> From push brooms to prayer books: Social media and social networks during the London riots
<abstract> Social media, such as microblogging, is a powerful medium for sharing information and organizing response in times of crisis or extreme events. We propose methods to integrate topical and social information and behavior derived from social media to improve situational understanding during an extreme event. Using Twitter data from the 2011 London riots, we analyze emergent social networks directly relating to response to crisis. We construct social networks from these tweets based on talking to (directed communication), quoting (retweeting), and talking about (mentioning) behaviors. We examine networks of riot response oriented around cleanup or prayer activities. These networks differ in size, structure, and membership. We identify prominent network actors and assess their similarity. These methods may enable more effective response during disasters or other emergency events.

<author> Evans, Mark; Hopper, Susan; Knezek, Gerald A.; Jones, Greg
<title> Gender as a predictive factor for tasks completed using smartphones
<abstract> Smartphone usage among college students is growing. The prevalence of these devices in every aspect of student routines presents the research problem: how will smartphone usage affect how college students manage their coursework? To address this research problem, we conducted a pilot study examining the current level of smartphone usage among college students. A distinct battery of questions were created and posted to an online survey. Forty-two undergraduate students who own and use smartphones participated. Survey questions focused on how frequently students utilized specific smartphone functions to complete class-related tasks. This paper applies a quantitative analysis to this specific battery of questions in an effort to address the research question: 1) Is gender a significant factor in determining the frequency with which smartphones are used to complete informal learning tasks?

<author> Yasunaga, Yui; Morishima, Atsuyuki; Sodeyama, Hiroki; Tadaishi, Masateru; Sugimoto, Shigeo
<title> Gradation: A pay-as-you-go style hybrid query language for structured and text data
<abstract> There is an increasing number of Web data which consist of text and structured data, such as the combination of Wikipedia pages and DBpedia data. To issue queries to such data, we must choose one of the followings: (1) submit keyword queries against textual data part, or (2) submit structured queries in structured query languages like SPARQL, against structured data part. Keyword queries are easy for casual users to write, but they do not have expressive powers enough to fulfill the userís information needs. On the other hand, structured queries are more expressive than keyword queries, but are not easy for casual users to write. This paper proposes a hybrid query language that seamlessly integrates the two types of queries, allowing us to write queries in a ìpay-as-you-goî fashion.

<author> Choi, Erik; Kitzie, Vanessa; Shah, Chirag
<title> A machine learning-based approach to predicting success of questions on social question-answering
<abstract> While social question-answering (SQA) services are becoming increasingly popular, there is often an issue of unsatisfactory or missing information for a question posed by an information seeker. This study creates a model to predict question failure, or a question that does not receive an answer, within the social Q&A site Yahoo! Answers. To do so, observed shared characteristics of failed questions were translated into empirical features, both textual and non-textual in nature, and measured using machine extraction methods. A classifier was then trained using these features and tested on a data set of 400 questions ñ half of them successful, half not ñ to determine the accuracy of the classifier in identifying failed questions. The results show the substantial ability of the approach to correctly identify the likelihood of success or failure of a question, resulting in a promising tool to automatically identify ill-formed questions and/or questions that are likely to fail and make suggestions on how to revise them.

<author> Bogers, Toine; Bjˆrneborn, Lennart
<title> Micro-serendipity: Meaningful coincidences in everyday life shared on Twitter
<abstract> In this paper we present work on micro-serendipity: investigating everyday contexts, conditions, and attributes of serendipity as shared on Twitter. In contrast to related work, we deliberately omit a preset definition of serendipity to allow for the inclusion of micro-occurrences of what people themselves consider as meaningful coincidences in everyday life. We find that different people have different thresholds for what they consider serendipitous, revealing a serendipity continuum. We propose a distinction between background serendipity (or ëtraditionalí serendipity) and foreground serendipity (or ësynchronicityí, unexpectedly finding something meaningful related to foreground interests). Our study confirms the presence of three key serendipity elements of unexpectedness, insight and value (Makri & Blandford, 2012), and suggests a fourth element, preoccupation (foreground problem/interest), which covers synchronicity. Finally, we find that a combination of features based on word usage, POS categories, and hashtag usage show promise in automatically identifying tweets about serendipitous occurrences.

<author> Bullard, Julia
<title> Playfully serious information for serious play: The integration of community values in an information resource
<abstract> Information resources for serious leisure pursuits need to offer accuracy and usability while supporting community values such as playfulness. This paper explores how a World of Warcraft player-authored information resource integrates playfulness into guides meant for difficult game content. While written guides support play by minimizing time spent out of the game, video guides have an opportunity to reproduce the engaging qualities of gameplay, combining information and entertainment. A close reading of the Learntoraid.comís videos and their context reveals how playfulness contributes to authenticity, credibility, and the siteís role in the community, while supporting the information seeking of players. We should expect to see the integration of community values, in this case playfulness, in information resources built within other serious leisure communities or for work and everyday life pursuits.

<author> Oltmann, Shannon M.
<title> ìThe public is part of the audience": Information access for citizens, democratic accountability, and climate change science
<abstract> Information access has been identified by several scholars as an important research area within information science; with intellectual, physical, and social components, genuine access to information can be difficult to secure. According to the theory of democratic accountability, information access is particularly important for citizens in a democracy, who must have access to public policy informationóand the information that informs policy decisionsóin order to hold their elected officials accountable. This research conducted two case studies into the accessibility of climate change research utilizing qualitative semi-structured interviews. Respondents indicated that citizensí intellectual, physical, and social access to the information in question was curtailed, thereby hindering their ability to practice democratic accountability. This research extends previous work done in information access and scientific research and demonstrates a need for further investigation into citizensí access to government and scientific information.

<author> Takhteyev, Yuri; DuPont, Quinn
<title> Retrocomputing as preservation and remix
<abstract> This paper looks at the world of retrocomputing, a constellation of largely non-professional practices involving old computing technology. Retrocomputing includes many activities that can be seen as constituting ìpreservation.î At the same time, it is often transformative, producing assemblages that ìremixî fragments from the past with newer elements or joining together historic components that were never combined before. While such ìremixî may seem to undermine preservation, it allows for fragments of computing history to be reintegrated into a living, ongoing practice, contributing to preservation in a broader sense. The seemingly unorganized nature of retrocomputing assemblages also provides space for alternative ìsituated knowledgesî and histories of computing, which can sometimes be quite sophisticated. Recognizing such alternative epistemologies paves the way for alternative approaches to preservation.

<author> Milojevic, Staöa; äabanovic, Selma
<title> Robotics narratives and networks: Conceptual foundations for a non-linear digital archive
<abstract> This paper introduces the conceptual foundations and motivation for creating a digital archive to display developments in the field of robotics over the past 50 years. The archive is meant to represent robotics as an evolving ìecology of knowledgeî (Akera, 2007b) and contains interviews with robotics researchers accompanied by other related documents, such as videos, photos, and online resources, and by visualizations of bibliometric analyses of co-authorship ties, citation networks, common keywords and concepts, etc. Rather than representing a unified and unilinear view of ìthe historyî of robotics, the archive is designed to allow users to explore and navigate the available materials guided by their own interests, thereby constructing multiple narratives about robotics. We describe the project as involving multiple ìmemory practicesî (Bowker, 2005): robotics ìpioneersî narrating their lived experiences in the field, publications that inscribe the results and practices of scientific research, social scientists collecting and presenting these materials to further understand scientific practice, and users from the public navigating the archive to develop their own understandings of robotics over the years. In conclusion, we discuss the implications of new information technologies such as digital archives for memory practices in science studies and the sciences.

<author> Jia, Han; Liu, Xiaozhong
<title> Scientific referential metadata creation with information retrieval and labeled topic modeling
<abstract> The goal of this research is to propose an innovative method of creating scientific referential metadata for a cyberinfrastructure-enabled learning environment to enhance learning experiences and to help students and scholars obtain better understanding of scientific publications. By using information retrieval, topic modeling, and meta-search approaches, different types of resources, such as related Wikipedia Pages, Datasets, Source Code, Video Lectures, Presentation Slides, and (online) Tutorials, for an assortment of publications and scientific (labeled) topics will be automatically retrieved, associated, and ranked. In order to test our method of automatic cyberlearning referential metadata generation, we designed a user experiment for the quality of the metadata for each scientific keyword and publication and resource ranking algorithms. Evaluation results based on MAP, MRR, and NDCG show that the cyberlearning referential metadata retrieved via meta-search and statistical relevance ranking can effectively help students better understand the essence of scientific keywords and publications.

<author> Li, Ben
<title> Searching for theory in metadata
<abstract> This paper argues to include descriptions of theories alongside metadata descriptions of data. It compares several metadata infrastructure standards for interdisciplinary collaboration that include or exclude theory, and finds that metadata infrastructures for some ìsoftî sciences are more explicit about embedded theories than some ìhardî sciences. This paper concludes by proposing to borrow an approach from social sciences for use in the hard sciences in order to explicitly address theoretical ambiguity embedded in seemingly hard data.

<author> Baron, Benjamin K.; Schultz-Jones, Barbara
<title> Service learning in action: Integrating reflection to deepen the educational experience
<abstract> A constructivist learning environment perspective was applied to the potential for library science international service learning projects to provide a short term learning environment that introduces pedagogy, provides the opportunity to develop and apply new skills, energizes students to develop cultural competence, and develops reflective skills towards the pursuit of wisdom. Through the service learning experience, students are able to contribute directly to underserved communities while evolving their own cultural intelligence. The role of reflection in the service learning environment emerged as the dimension with highest significance in terms of short term educational goals of the program and long term student development as citizens of the world. Students reported that the actual experience of reflective behavior exceeded their anticipated levels of reflection at the beginning of the project. Professors reflected on the overall results in order to enrich the experience for future participants.

<author> Wu, Dan; He, Daqing
<title> A study on Q&A services between community-based question answering and collaborative digital reference in two languages
<abstract> To explore further improvement of librariesí reference services in the Web 2.0 environment, we systematically compared community-based question answering (cQA) sites with collaborative digital reference (cDR) services in both English and Chinese languages. We employed a sampling method where we asked a set of questions of four different types and in three domains at selected cQA and cDR sites. The focus of the study includes evaluation of the answer quality and the responsiveness of the sites to the questions. Our results show that cQA sites provide more answers within shorter response times, and they are probably better suited to answer questions about everyday life or questions with easy answers. In contrast cDR services are augmented by better trained librarians, well organized working procedure, and more extensive information sources, so they produce more effective services. We finally hypothesize ideas of combining cQA and cDR under the goal of further improving cDR services.

<author> Bornoe, Nis; Barkhuus, Louise
<title> TagPad: Supporting field interviews and analysis
<abstract> The area of cyberinfrastructures has looked extensively at research within the natural sciences, however, the social sciences have been largely overlooked in terms of novel data collection and analysis systems. We developed a probe tool, TagPad, to look at the process for social science data collection through interviews and surveys. Our research participants found that TagPad facilitated structuring of interviews but we also found that the setting in which the interview takes place is essential to the success of using this particular tool. We conclude suggesting future designs of social science research tools.

<author> Twidale, Michael B.; Blake, Catherine; Gant, Jon P.
<title> Towards a data literate citizenry
<abstract> We believe that data literacy should be a skill not just for scientists, but for all citizens. We make the case by considering literatures on various kinds of literacy, and using a number of examples to explore some of the challenges that emerge from trying to move to a more data literate citizenry. We consider the opportunities arising from developing technologies to help individual communities and intermediaries in understanding how data should inform personal and societal decision-making.

<author> Rotman, Dana; He, Yurong; Preece, Jennifer; Druin, Allison
<title> Understanding large scale online environments with qualitative methods
<abstract> Large scale online environments, in which there are hundreds of thousands, and often millions of links, present an emerging phenomenon where millions of people come together online to share and consume information. The resulting massive amounts of data have been a fertile ground for quantitative researchers. Qualitative studies of these environments are less common, suggesting that the scale and the constant change of these environments pose considerable challenges for qualitative researchers. We present an exploratory study into the challenges and opportunities experienced by researchers conducting qualitative research in large scale online environments, and a meta-analysis of papers from the ACM Digital Library that reveals how few published research studies use qualitative methods to investigate large-scale online environments. We discuss practical and theoretical issues arising from the unique stance of qualitative researchers in these environments.

<author> Khare, Ritu; An, Yuan; Wolf, Sandra; Nyirjesy, Paul; Liu, Longjian; Chou, Edgar
<title> Understanding the EMR error control practices among gynecologic physicians
<abstract> An ìEMR errorî refers to any incorrect, incomplete, or inconsistent patient information entered into electronic medical records (EMRs). Currently, the administering clinicians ìmanuallyî resolve such errors. Designing automated error control algorithms is a significant, and yet under-explored, informatics problem. In this study, we assess the EMR error detection abilities of physicians, reveal their strategies, and draw implications for computational algorithm design. Focusing on gynecologic practice, we conducted an error simulation study by fabricating several ìerroneousî patient visit notes. We presented these notes to 20 experienced gynecologists, and asked them to detect any errors. Despite devoting substantial time, the participants could detect <50% of the introduced errors. Nevertheless, the successful cases helped reveal the 5 kinds of automatable ìtriggersî that helped participants sense an error candidate. The participants were able to recognize these triggers because of their comprehensive gynecologic knowledge accumulated through experience and medical school training.

<author> Perry, Daniel B.; Howe, Bill; Key, Alicia M. F.; Aragon, Cecilia
<title> VizDeck: Streamlining exploratory visual analytics of scientific data
<abstract> As research becomes increasingly data-intensive, scientists are relying on visualization very early in the data analysis cycle. We find that existing tools assume a ìone-at-a-timeî workflow for creating visualizations and impose a steep learning curve that makes it difficult to rapidly create and review visualizations. At the same time, scientists are becoming more cognitively overloaded, spending an increasing proportion of time on data ìhandlingî tasks rather than scientific analysis. In response, we present VizDeck, a web-based visual analytics tool for relational data that automatically recommends a set of appropriate visualizations based on the statistical properties of the data and adopts a card game metaphor to present the results to the user. We describe the design of VizDeck and discuss the results of a usability evaluation comparing VizDeck with three other popular visualization tools. We then discuss design considerations for visualization tools focused on rapid analysis based on observed sensemaking processes.

<author> Lingel, Jessica
<title> When ìorganizing becomes an extension of your brainî: DJs, music libraries and information practices
<abstract> As contemporary discourses of technology move from identifying information overload as a general concern to designing applications and conducting investigations that understand information overload on a more granular level, it becomes increasingly important to conceptualize what information overload means in everyday life. This paper addresses issues of being overwhelmed by media, looking specifically at a group of people for whom the stakes of media organization are quite high, namely DJs. With the emergence of digitally-stored music, music enthusiasts have been able to build increasingly large collections, to the extent that users frequently become overwhelmed by tasks of organizing their collections and creating usable playlists. Drawing on semi-structured interviews with 13 DJs, I examine obstacles in organizing digital music. With thick descriptions of how music technologies are and are not meeting the needs of a high-use groups, this paper contributes to human information behavior research on organizational practices in everyday life within a particular community of practice.

<author> Ni, Chaoqun; Sugimoto, Cassidy R.
<title> Academic genealogy as an indicator of interdisciplinarity: A preliminary examination of sociology doctoral dissertations
<abstract> This project aims to explore the interdisciplinarity heritage of the field of Sociology by utilizing academic genealogy networks based on doctoral dissertation data from ProQuest database. With the advisor name provided by each dissertation, the discipline of each advisor was identified by matching back to ProQuest database. The Subject Categories assigned to advisor dissertations were approximated as the advisor discipline. Results provide an indication of the major areas interacting with Sociology. Disciplines such as business administration, health science and economics show increasing trends in the percentage of sociology advisors getting degrees from them, while the decreasing trends can be found in history and literature.

<author> Rogers, Corinne; Tennis, Joe
<title> Authenticity as a social contractóWe are our records
<abstract> This poster presents the authorsí work to date on developing an application profile for authenticity metadata (the IPAM, or InterPARES Authenticity Metadata), including (1) the functional requirements, (2) metadata elements derived from the Chain of Preservation model from the InterPARES research project, (3) a crosswalk of a sample of IPAM elements to Dublin Core, PREMIS, and MoReq2010, (4) those elements deemed essential to presume the authenticity of a record as it moves from creation to permanent preservation, and (5) next steps, integrating the application profile into the Archivematica preservation system the core elements of the application profile relating to maintaining the presumption of authenticity through preservation and access.

<author> Han, Shuguang; Yue, Zhen; He, Daqing
<title> Automatic detection of search tactic in individual information seeking: A Hidden Markov Model approach
<abstract> Information seeking process is an important research topic in information seeking behavior. Both qualitative and empirical methods have been adopted in analyzing information search processes with major focus on uncovering the latent search tactics behind user behaviors. Most of the existing works require defining search tactics in advance and coding empirical data manually. Among the few works that can recognize usage patterns automatically, they missed explain the latent rationale behind them. In this paper, we proposed an automatic technique and explicitly model the latent search tactics using a Hidden Markov Model. HMM results show that the identified usage patterns of individual information seeking behaviors are consistent with Marchioniniís Information seeking process model. With the advantages of showing the connections between search tactics and search actions, and the transitions among search tactics, we argue that Hidden Markov Model is a useful tool to investigate information seeking process, or at least it provides a feasible method to analyze large scale dataset.

<author> Caragea, Cornelia; Silvescu, Adrian; Mitra, Prasenjit; Giles, C. Lee
<title> Canít see the forest for the trees? A citation recommendation system
<abstract> Scientists continue to find challenges in the ever increasing amount of information that has been produced on a world wide scale, for the last decades. Research ideas are generally developed based on high quality citations that, given today's very large collections of published articles, may be difficult to find. Specifically, when writing a paper, an author searches for the most relevant citations that started or were the foundation of a particular topic, which would very likely explain the thinking or algorithms that are employed. The search is usually done using specific keywords submitted to literature search engines such as Google Scholar and CiteSeer. However, finding relevant citations is distinctive from producing articles that are only topically similar to an author's proposal. We address the problem of citation recommendation using Singular Value Decomposition (SVD). The models are trained and evaluated on the Citeseer digital library. The results of our experiments show that SVD achieves significant success when compared with collaborative filtering approaches on the citation recommendation task.

<author> Gollup, Claudia J.; Chen, Annie T.; Wu, Wan-ching
<title> Cardiac rehabilitation referral: An information gap
<abstract> Cardiac rehabilitation (CR), consisting of exercise and diet modifications are proven to promote a healthy lifestyle that can extend life, particularly for survivors of cardiovascular events. Nonetheless, there is a long-standing concern regarding the underutilization of CR in general and especially by women. The American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation recommends all eligible persons be referred and participate in a CR program. However, participation and adherence to CR remain low. There appears to be a CR referral information gap in many instances, and thus focus groups that were conducted investigated three main research questions. First, what did CR mean for these former CR participants? Second, how did participants find out about CR? Last, what information should prospective cardiac rehabilitation program participants receive? The poster will present the background and motivation for the study, preliminary results, and discussion of these results.

<author> Lund, Haakon; Bogers, Toine; Larsen, Birger; Lykke, Marianne
<title> CHAOS: User-driven development of a metadata scheme for radio broadcast archives
<abstract> CHAOS (Cultural Heritage Archive Open System) is a digital platform for Danish radio broadcasts. Radio broadcasts are an important and vibrant part of our cultural heritage, but providing efficient and effective access to such archives is challenging for lack of a solid digital infrastructure. The Danish LARM project aims to meet this challenge by making one million hours of radio programs available to humanities researchers through the digital platform CHAOS. CHAOS is being built in close cooperation with the researchers involved in LARM. In this paper, we present the user-driven development of the multi-tiered metadata scheme used in CHAOS.

<author> Zhao, Star X.; Liu, Xiaozhong; Ye, Fred Y.
<title> Characterizing the scholar h-index via full-text citation analysis
<abstract> This study presents the idea and design of a method to characterize the scholar h-index by full-text citation analysis. The method combines the citation analysis and text mining to modify the oversimplified process of citation count, and provides more appropriate assumptions for the scholar h-index in two aspects: the context of citation and the topic-related measure.

<author> Zakerhamidi, Maryam
<title> Collaborative information behaviour of graduate students in Tehran University of Medical Sciences (TUMS)
<abstract> Collaborative information behavior is an important and growing area of research in the field of information behavior. Although collaboration is a key component of work in organizational and other settings Studies when two or more actors identify, seek, search, and use information to accomplish a task. This poster reports on a recent research investigating the collaborative information behavior of graduate students in Tehran University of Medical sciences, students of in the context of Medical science research groups projects. A total of 25 graduate students who participated in a collaborative research project were asked to complete process surveys throughout the project. Data analysis showed that collaborative information behaviors dynamically occur in different stages of the project through different levels depending on the corresponding project tasks that trigger different collaborative information related activities.

<author> Wolske, Martin; Rhinesmith, Colin; Archer, Jennie; Bayci, Emily; Leuzinger, Ryne; McKeever, Lucas
<title> Community informatics studio: A model of information scholarship in action
<abstract> This poster describes an educational research project we call ìCommunity Informatics Studio,î which uses studio-based learning (SBL) to support enculturation into the field of community informatics. The SBL approach is rooted in the apprenticeship model of learning in which students study with master designers or artists to learn their craft and is closely related to John Dewey's inquiry-based learning. The poster reports on research from our Community Informatics Studio course, which uses experiential learning as a model of information scholarship in action. We highlight the guiding theoretical frameworks, research questions, methodological approaches, findings, and recommendations. The goal of our poster is to respond to this yearís conference theme by presenting our overarching research question: ìHow can the Community Informatics Studio be understood as an innovative educational model of information scholarship in action?î

<author> Faniel, Ixchel M.; Barrera-Gomez, Julianna; Kriesberg, Adam; Yakel, Elizabeth
<title> A comparative study of data reuse among quantitative social scientists and archaeologists
<abstract> This paper presents preliminary findings from a comparative study of data reuse in the quantitative social science and archaeology disciplines. Quantitative social scientists have been engaged in large-scale data sharing and reuse from centralized repositories for over 50 years. In contrast, archaeologists are transitioning from sharing and reusing data on a small-scale, one-to-one basis with colleagues and museums to large scale sharing and reuse via centralized repositories. In this study, we consider whether approaches to supporting data reuse in quantitative social science can be applied to the archaeological community. Currently we are examining data reuse practices in both disciplines via three points of comparison and will discuss preliminary findings regarding: 1) the nature of context needed during reuse, 2) the use of a bibliography of data related literature, and 3) the role of intermediaries.

<author> Khazraee, Emad
<title> Cultural context of social media use: How do Iranians adapt and use Facebook?
<abstract> It has been discussed intensively that technology can shape social and in return is being shaped and adapted by its social context of use. Social media technologies have become pervasive in the recent years. It has been discussed in the literature that even very rigid technological artifacts are subject to modifications in different socio-cultural contexts of use. Social Networking Sites (SNS) have become pervasive in the recent years. It is important to understand how technologies such as SNS are being adapted in different cultural contexts. This study concerns adoption, use and adaptation of Facebook among Iranians and reports the preliminary findings of a qualitative study of Facebook use among Iranians. We observed that the use of SNS helps maintaining parallel social realities among Iranians. Although, the use of SNS is always along with concerns about security threats from the state.

<author> Strasser, Carly
<title> DataUp: Enabling data stewardship for researchers
<abstract> Recognizing that most Earth, environmental, and ecological scientists use spreadsheets at some point in the life cycles of their data, the California Digital Library partnered with Microsoft Research Connections and the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation to create a tool for Microsoft Æ Excel that would encourage and enable good data stewardship practices. The resulting DataUp tool facilitates documenting, managing, and archiving tabular scientific data. It comes in two forms, both open-source: an add-in for Excel and a web-based application. Both the add-in and the web application provide users with the ability to (1) Perform a "best practices check" to ensure data are well formatted and organized; (2) Create standardized metadata, or a description of the data, using a wizard-style template; (3) Retrieve a unique identifier for their dataset from their data repository, and (4) Post their datasets and associated metadata to the repository.

<author> Du, Yunfei
<title> Developing community-centered programs for rural information professionals
<abstract> Using survey tools to develop and implement community outreach plans, librarians and information professionals in rural Texas found out what their constituents wanted and built community-centered outreach programs. Community-centered outreach programs gained more institutional support and increased competitiveness of rural information professionals.

<author> Alemneh, Daniel Gelaw; Weidner, Andrew James
<title> Digital curation tools: Metadata enhancement with Selenium IDE
<abstract> Maintaining usable and sustainable digital collections requires a complex set of actions that address the myriad challenges at various stages of the data lifecycle. Digital curation activities enhance access and retrieval, maintain quality, add value, and facilitate use and re-use over time. Digital resource life cycle management is becoming an increasingly important topic as digital curators actively explore tools and applications that directly perform curation and management tasks. Accordingly, the University of North Texas (UNT) Libraries develop and/or adopt various tools, workflows, and quality control mechanisms that enable quick and effective analysis and quality assurance. This poster will demonstrate automated metadata enhancement with Selenium IDE, an open source, web-based tool which UNT has adopted for use during the post ingestion stage of the data lifecycle.

<author> Thomer, Andrea K.; Weber, Nicholas M.
<title> Dispatches, digests and doodles: Exploring the significant properties of field notebooks
<abstract> Whether a first-person narrative, a structured observational data source, or simply a diary of doodles, field notebooks are the material instantiation of most site-based social and natural sciences. In this poster, we present preliminary work that explores the significant properties of field notebooks across three diverse disciplines: Paleontology, Archaeology, and Field Biology. This work is meant to supplement existing norms in digitization processes, and begin moving many of those projects towards a more general, interoperable approach to preserving the rich content held within field note collections.

<author> Zimmer, Michael; Thiele, Jennifer; Kapusniak, Renee
<title> Ebooks and cross generational perceived privacy issues
<abstract> Privacy issues are not well understood by the general user. A common perception is that the younger computer user is less informed or concerned with privacy issues than the older user. However, recent studies have been finding that this is not necessarily the case. The researchers in this study would like to examine these privacy perceptions cross-generation when it comes to e-Book reading histories, utilization of commercial bookstore websites as well as library websites. A small pilot case study will interview e-Book users of different age groups to determine how they view privacy when purchasing e-books or checking them out from the library.

<author> Tmava, Ahmet Meti; Alemneh, Daniel Gelaw
<title> Enhancing content visibility in institutional repositories: Overview of factors that affect digital resources discoverability
<abstract> In the last decade, a growing body of the scholarly information and instructional materials produced by universities existed primarily in digital format. New digital technologies increased the productivity of scholars. The purpose of an Institutional repository (IR) is to manage their scholarly work in ways that facilitate interdisciplinary collaboration, and accelerate the pace of discovery and innovation. Academic institutions have increasingly recognized that IR is an essential infrastructure of scholarly dissemination. The goal of IR is essentially to collect, preserve, and make persistently accessible a variety of scholarly materials. This paper explores digital curation activities that enhance the visibility of IR in an ever-changing digital landscape.

<author> Masten, Kathryn
<title> Examining transdisciplinarity in iSchools dissertations (2010-2011)
<abstract> Two defining characteristics of the iSchools are that they are interdisciplinary and embrace a social agenda. With this emphasis on broader societal impacts, this vision for the iSchools closely aligns with the concept of transdisciplinarity. This poster presents preliminary results from an examination of the 175 iSchool doctoral student dissertations completed in 2010 and 2011 by students in the 21 iSchools as of 2009 (according to Wiggins and Sawyer, 2011). The purpose is to establish a snapshot of the level of transdisciplinarity among the iSchools.

<author> Bowler, Leanne; Mattern, Eleanor; Knobel, Cory P.; Keilty, Patrick
<title> Exploring cyberbullying through visual narratives
<abstract> This poster abstract reports on a study that examined the use of visual narratives to explore young peopleís views on cyberbullying and for generating design interventions that would combat mean and cruel behavior online. Two focus groups ñ a group of five teens in high school and a group of undergraduatesñ used storytelling and sketching to frame their perceptions of cyberbullying around a narrative and to propose design features that might afford young people the time to pause and reflect on their actions in social media before they participate in cyberbullying.

<author> Ding, Ying; Yan, Erjia; Ghazinejad, Ali; Jia, Han
<title> Extending the VIVO ontology to iSchools: Enabling networking of information scientists
<abstract> VIVO, funded by NIH, utilizes Semantic Web technologies to model scientists and provides federated search to enhance the discovery of researchers and collaborators across disciplines and organizations. VIVO ontology is designed with the focus on modeling scientists, publications, resources, grants, locations, and services. VIVO data is annotated based on the VIVO ontology to semantically represent and integrate information about faculty research, teaching, and service. This paper introduces the birth and development of the VIVO ontology, and discusses the potential of expending it to the information science community to facilitate networking of information scientists.

<author> Gomez, Ricardo; Bayo, Ivette; Reed, Philip; Wang, Cherry
<title> Fearless cards: Computer training for extremely marginalized populations
<abstract> We present a novel design for very basic computer literacy training for extremely marginalized populations in industrialized countries, such as immigrant day laborers in the US. In addition to lacking technical skills, day laborers experience strong emotional barriers such as fear, anxiety and lack of self-confidence, in addition to limited English language skills. Through an iterative process of design and testing, we developed the Fearless Cards, a set of basic, easy-to-use instructions to help extremely underserved populations overcome their emotional barriers and learn to use computers and the internet to help them improve their lives. Sample decks of Fearless Cards are available with the Poster Session for examination, testing and feedback. Fearless Cards are important because they help reach the deep pockets of exclusion and allow people who are extremely marginalized to break the emotional barriers that prevent them from starting to use computers and the internet, they help to strengthen their sense of empowerment and self-worth, and help promote stronger self-confidence and self-efficacy.

<author> Heaney, Chris
<title> The 'forever problem': Nuclear waste as information
<abstract> Nuclear waste repositories harbor materials that are dangerous for tens of thousands of years, far longer than the normal human planning time span. Disposal facilities such as the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant and the halted Yucca Mountain plant offer an uncommon look into the history of long-term transmission and preservation of information. This poster explores concepts relating both to nuclear waste as information in and of itself, communicating through its emissions, as well as ways in which nuclear waste necessitates long-term, human-driven preservation of information. Furthermore, it probes issues regarding the design of systems for information transfer over long time periods, relations between various recent attempts to communicate across great temporal distances, and ethical issues surrounding obligations to warn future generations of hazardous materials.

<author> Marshall, Andrea; Rode, Jennifer
<title> Gendered artifacts and user agency
<abstract> In this poster we investigate the tension between feminist design ideals and issues of usability with regard to smart closets. Technological artifacts are inscribed with cultural attitudes toward gender, and in turn they can be used to reinforce societal conceptions of gender to users. We propose that smart closets, such as ClosetClique, our user prototype interface, present an opportunity to recognize gender as an integral part of design, in order to further realize feminist design goals. Additionally, our discussion of usability offers an explicit way to explore how female users react to smart closets as gendered technological artifacts.

<author> Bonnici, Laurie J.; Julien, Heidi; Burnett, Kathleen
<title> The globalization of the iSchools movement
<abstract> In 2005 a relatively small interdisciplinary group of LIS schools, all based in the U.S., announced its intention to form a new ìiField.î The explicitly stated goal behind the formation and formalization of this group was the coming to grips with the ìelusive identity [that] poses a challenge for the I-School movementî (King, 2006). Today 40% of the iSchools Caucus is non-U.S. based. This research examines the impact of the international member schools on what was once an exclusively American group. The internationalization phenomenon is examined from the perspective of the Information Outcome Space (Gross & Latham, 2011). Content analysis of school websites addressing vision and mission statements, ìabout the schoolî statements, and messages from the Deans/Directors were conducted to discern the philosophical approaches of iSchool as they relate to the concept of information. This research addresses whether information conception is the uniting, identifying, and defining identity for the iCaucus.

<author> Masoumzadeh, Amirreza; Jin, Lei; Joshi, James; Constantino, Rose
<title> HELPP Zone: Towards protecting college students from dating violence
<abstract> Dating violence is a type of Intimate Partner Violence (IPV) which is a serious, preventable public health and social justice issue. If dating violence is left unchecked, it can bring short term and long term negative effects to survivors, especially college students who are developing emotionally. We built a mobile application called HELPP Zone (Health, Education on safety, and Legal Participant Preferred) for college students to protect them against potential dating violence. In the HELPP Zone, a user can set a list of trusted contacts and her schedule, and reach them for help based on the context (userís location, schedule and status) when potential violence occurs. The HELLP Zone is our first step towards creating a platform to end dating violence.

<author> Eaker, Christopher; Thomer, Andrea K.; Johns, Erica; Siddell, Kayla
<title> How information science professionals add value in a scientific research center
<abstract> In response to the increasing need for a data curation workforce, the Data Curation Education in Research Centers program is educating library and information science students in scientific data curation. During the summer of 2012, the authors worked alongside scientists and data managers at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, to learn data curation within the context of a research center. Each student was matched with a ìScience Mentorî and a ìData Mentorî based on prior work experience and the results of a placement questionnaire completed before the internship. Though NCAR has robust data services, we found that there was nevertheless still a role for data curators who can foster close collaborations between scientists and repository managers that may have traditionally not existed. This collaboration supports an otherwise impossible mutual education that benefits all involved. This poster demonstrates tangible outcomes of these internships.

<author> Pollak, Angela
<title> ìI have to read the signs like you reads a bookî: Examining experiential information through non-fiction accounts of guided trips into the interior of Algonquin Provincial Park Ontario
<abstract> Skill-based careers and remote rural settings are often overlooked in LIS research. Analyzing the content of historical non-fiction accounts of extended canoe trips, this poster explores the information life world of wilderness guides in Algonquin Provincial Park in Ontario, Canada, providing a glimpse into the unique ways they have of acquiring and sharing their particular brand of knowledge and wisdom. Results suggest their life experience is rich with information behaviors and skills both similar to, and unique from, other contexts. They also support the advancement of information theory by further challenging the boundaries between formal and informal information systems and by conceptualizing information in terms of intangible, undocumented experiences.

<author> Esraghi, Ali
<title> ICT practices by voluntary groups: A multi-setting study
<abstract> This poster describes my interdisciplinary doctoral research on information and communication technologies (ICTs) and voluntary sector organisations (VSOs). Despite the fact that ICTs proliferate within these organisations, the literature on the relationships between such technologies and voluntary contexts is scant in comparison to private and public domains. In particular, it is not clear how the specific characteristics of volunteers might affect the take-up and use of ICTs. Using the language and concerns of sociology of technology and by focusing on socio-technical dynamics of everyday ICTs practices, my research seeks to explore and conceptualise the ways such practices are constituted, maintained and re-produced by multiple actors and settings. The emerging themes of the research show that high turnover of volunteers and their different levels of engagement in VSOs shape the ICT-related practices. This poster also identifies the contribution of the study.

<author> Ahmed, Shameem; Blake, Catherine; Williams, Kate; Lenstra, Noah; Liu, Qiyuan
<title> Identifying claims in social science literature
<abstract> The Claim Framework was developed to capture how scientists communicate findings from an empirical study. Although the framework has been evaluated in biomedical literature, the framework has yet to be explored with respect to social science literature. Our goal is to fill that gap and explore the degree to which the Claim Framework can capture claims made in two social science research areas: Community Informatics and Information and Communication Technologies for Development. This poster presents preliminary results on the number and location of claims in full-text social science articles compared to claims in biomedical articles.

<author> Knopp, Daniel; Greene, Olivia; Counts, Clea
<title> iDiscover: Inspiring youth to pursue STEM
<abstract> This program was an experiment started in 2011 to look into the ways that we can diversify the STEM pipeline by targeting a group of middle-school students in Baltimore, Maryland. We also introduced Information Sciences principles during our presentation, but were limited by the near-complete lack of understanding about Information Sciences by the students at this public school. We worked with several sources to develop a set of handouts and materials that we hoped would assist the students in pursuing STEM and Information Sciences in college. Surveys were administered to gather preliminary data on our efforts. We then created a Wiki (idiscover.wikispot.org) where further development of the project from other parties can continue.

<author> Multak, Nina L.; Khazraee, Emad; Rogers, Michelle; Dalrymple, Prudence
<title> Implementing an open source EMR in a nursing informatics course
<abstract> Electronic medical record (EMR) systems are being implemented widely in hospital and office based settings. This technology is becoming a standard documentation modality for inpatient and outpatient clinical settings. While practicing clinicians have learned to use these systems with the benefit of institutional or practice based training, the educational benefit of providing EMR training to students prior to their exposure to the clinical environment has not been widely explored. This preliminary research evaluated multiple EMR systems for educational use in a nursing school curriculum. EMR training including classroom lectures, computer based training sessions and practice with interdisciplinary medical simulation are incorporated in this educational program, providing students access to an EMR system before using one with actual patients. The ADDIE model of systemic instructional design was utilized for this study. Additionally, deliberate practice, an evidence-based construct grounded in information processing and behavioral theories of skill acquisition and maintenance guided the design of this study. Preliminary results reveal a high level of learner interest and satisfaction with the training methodology. Further exploration of EMR systems and the impact this component has on nursing education and practice are planned.

<author> Anglin, Robert; Best, Jason; Figueiredo, Renato; Gilbert, Edward; Gnanasambandam, Nathan; Gottschalk, Stephen; Haston, Elspeth; Heidorn, P. Bryan; Lafferty, Daryl; Lang, Peter; Nelson, Gil; Paul, Deborah L.; Ulate, William; Watson, Kimberly; Zhang, Qianjin
<title> Improving the Character of Optical Character Recognition (OCR): iDigBio Augmenting OCR Working Group Seeks Collaborators and Strategies to Improve OCR Output and Parsing of OCR Output ...
<abstract> There are an estimated 2 ñ 3 billion museum specimens world ñ wide (OECD 1999, AriÒo 2010). In an effort to increase the research value of their collections, institutions across the U. S. have been seeking new ways to cost effectively transcribe the label information associated with these specimen collections. Current digitization methods are still relatively slow, labor-intensive, and therefore expensive. New methods, such as optical character recognition (OCR), natural language processing, and human-in-the-loop assisted parsing are being explored to reduce these costs. The National Science Foundation (NSF), through the Advancing Digitization of Biodiversity Collections (ADBC) program, funded Integrated Digitized Biocollections (iDigBio) in 2011 to create a Home Uniting Biodiversity Collections (HUB) cyberinfrastructure to aggregate and collectively integrate specimen data and find ways to digitize specimen data faithfully and faster and disseminate the knowledge of how to achieve this. The iDigBio Augmenting OCR Working Group is part of this national effort. - speed up the overall digitization process, - lower the cost, - improve overall efficiency, - assure digitized data is fit-for-use (NIBA 2010, Chapman 2005), and - provide the resulting digitized data records to researchers more quickly. The iDigBio Augmenting OCR (A-OCR) working group is actively engaged in identifying opportunities for collaboration to leverage OCR tools and technologies that are successful (both within and outside of the biology digitization domain) and disseminate these tools to the public or seek funding for development. "

<author> Kazmer, Michelle M.; Glueckauf, Robert L.; Ma, Jinxuan; Schettini, Gabriel; Silva, Michelle
<title> Information behavior of rural dementia caregivers over the course of counseling interventions
<abstract> This poster reports findings from an analysis of 81 qualitative interviews with rural dementia caregivers who participated in two research projects that evaluated cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) problem-solving interventions designed to help them manage their caregiving and reduce depression. The research questions posed in this analysis are: (RQ1) How do rural dementia caregivers who have participated in a CBT program interact with the information around them and available to them? (RQ2) How do these caregivers manage, explicitly or tacitly, their information needs and uses? The analysis demonstrates similarities and differences in information behaviors and information environments across the caregivers; for example that physical information artifacts are important to different caregivers for varied reasons, and that religious communities fulfill multiple information-related roles. The findings demonstrate the importance of accounting for the unique constraints on older caregivers in designing interventions to improve and support their caregiving experiences. Creating links among people, such as connecting caregivers to similar others facing similar challenges, and providing them with a structure to allow them to focus on their goals, appear critical to the success of such interventions.

<author> Haimson, Oliver L.; Cartagena, Josh
<title> Information occupation: Using information science to explore Occupy Wall Street
<abstract> Global social movements of 2011 like the Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street were unprecedented in their use of social media as an organizing tool and communication technique. To further explore the role of mobile/social technologies in these movements, we analyze information diffusion in Occupy Wall Street by means of social media over a nine-month period beginning in September 2011 as well as describe the movementís information ecosystem. Specifically, we perform a network visualization and analysis of Twitter data sets and analyze Twitter volume over time to understand OWSí information practices. Multi-site, participant observation is utilized to observe these information practices.

<author> Dedrick, Jason; Zheng, You
<title> Information systems and smart grid: New directions for the IS community
<abstract> While there is growing awareness that smart grid is an enabler of the new ìgreen economyî, the IS academic community has been slow to recognize the challenges and opportunities it presents. So far there is little research in the IS field on smart grid technologies, yet this issue is closely linked to a number of common themes in the IS field. We identify some of the most salient issues in smart grid to the IS field and propose ways for the IS community to engage in this emerging example of the ìinternet of thingsî.

<author> Lu, Kun
<title> An insight into Vector Space Modeling and Language Modeling
<abstract> The Vector Space Model (VSM) and the Language Model (LM) are the most popular information retrieval models currently. They provide different ways to represent documents and queries, as well as different means to evaluate documents against queries.At the first glance, the two models take quite different perspectives and use very different mathematical tools.However, they are actually closely related. The current study analyzed their relationship, compared their weighting schemes and revealed their connections.

<author> Ennis-Cole, Demetria; Cullum, Princess; Moore, Gary
<title> Instructional strategies for autistic adults learning video game design
<abstract> A diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) indicates that an individual has a complex neurological disorder which impairs communication, behavior, and social interaction. ASD persists throughout an individualís lifetime; many adults with ASD are very knowledgeable and skilled, but they tend to be unemployed and underemployed because of difficulties interacting, communicating, and securing positions for which they are qualified (Chappel & Somers, 2010; Hendricks & Wehman, 2009; Nesbitt, 2000). This poster describes instructional strategies that match the information processing needs of adults with ASD. The poster is based on findings from a qualitative pilot study designed to identify best practices for teaching adults with ASD video game design. Data from semi-structured interviews with adult learners revealed direct, interactive, and experiential learning as instructional preferences along with the elimination of stressors (competition with others, limited time, and test taking).

<author> Thompson, Cheryl A.; Marshall, Joanne Gard; Morgan, Jennifer Craft; Rathbun-Grubb, Susan; Wells, Amber
<title> Integrating data curation concepts throughout the project lifecycle: A WILIS case study
<abstract> There continues to be concern among researchers and funders about the lack of archiving of research data. Such data can be a useful for secondary analysis and for readers of published research articles who may be interested in further information or replication studies. Most research data sets are not archived at all and, when data archiving is considered, it is often an afterthought, which makes successful data archiving difficult, if not impossible. This poster will discuss the curation of large scale survey data collected as part of the Workforce Issues in Library and Information Science (WILIS) program of research funded by the Institute of Museum of Library Services (IMLS). The WILIS projects were designed to study the educational, work, career and retention issues faced by LIS graduates. Phase 1 of WILIS consisted of an in-depth, retrospective study of graduations of LIS programs in North Carolina from 1964-2007. Phase 2 modified the recent graduatesí portion of the WILIS1 survey and tested this survey tool for shared alumni tracking in 39 LIS programs in North America. Phase 3 of WILIS is currently focusing on archiving the WILIS1 and WILIS2 data for future use by researchers and other stakeholders and creating a guide to data archiving that can be used by LIS and social science researchers. Lessons learned from the WILIS data archiving experience form a useful case study for developing best practices in data curation throughout a research project lifecycle.

<author> Ma, Jinxuan; Latham, Don
<title> Interacting with health information for self-care: A pilot study exploring undergraduates' health information literacy
<abstract> This poster presents findings from a dissertation pilot study of how undergraduate students apply their knowledge and skills to find, evaluate, and use health information for self-care. The study employed Dervinís sense-making theory and examined to what extent undergraduate students demonstrate health information literacy (HIL) knowledge and skills within the context of seeking and using health information for self-care. It utilized a three-phase design: (a) a survey, (b) an interview, and (c) a follow-up observational study. Based on purposive sampling, 34 undergraduates at Florida State University participated in the survey, and eight of them were selected as participants for the interview and the observational study. The study results showed major barriers students encountered and strategies they used in various situations when seeking and evaluating information for self-care. This study has implications for designing more effective college health promotion programs and developing objective HIL assessment instruments in the context of health information seeking and use.

<author> Beak, Jihee; Glover, Jeanette; MartÌnez-¡vila, Daniel; Milani, Suellen Oliveira
<title> International comparative study analyzing knowledge organization research topics in four countries - Brazil, South Korea, Spain and United States
<abstract> With the growing international population of scholars in Knowledge Organization (KO), international academic journals are a source of academic communication among researchers. Even with the inclusion of these journals in international databases, there are still limitations due to language, culture, and interpretation. The purpose of this study is to develop a comprehensive list of topics that comprise KO in these respective countries. This study is a content analysis of two KO journals from each country: Brazil, South Korea, Spain, and the United States. The journals are limited to the last five years of each journal, 2008 to 2012. Through the content analysis, this study contributes to increase communication among academics in KO.

<author> Nimon, Kim; Caragea, Cornelia; Oswald, Frederick L.
<title> Meta-scraping: Two technological approaches to support meta-analyses
<abstract> Meta-analysis is a principled statistical approach for summarizing quantitative information reported across studies within a research domain of interest. Although the results of meta-analyses can be highly informative for taking a broad conceptual and empirical approach to an existing body of research literature, the process of collecting and coding the data for a meta-analysis is often a labor-intensive effort fraught with the potential for human error and idiosyncrasy, as researchers typically spend weeks poring over journal articles, technical reports, book chapters and other materials provided by researchers in order to retrieve key data elements that are then manually coded into some form of a spreadsheet for subsequent analyses (e.g., descriptive statistics, effect sizes, reliability estimates, demographics, study conditions). In this poster, we identify two technological solutions to support the process of collecting data for a meta-analysis.

<author> Wu, Shuheng
<title> A model for assessing the quality of Gene Ontology
<abstract> With the proliferation of bio-ontologies in the molecular biological community, concern remains about their quality. There are a number of frameworks and models have been developed to assess the quality of Gene Ontology, which is one of the most influential and widely used bio-ontologies in the community. However, without any theoretical guide for quality assessment, most of these frameworks and models are incomplete and intuitive, and cannot assess the quality of Gene Ontology consistently, systematically, and completely. This study uses a theoretical information quality assessment framework to guide the development of a quality evaluation model for the Gene Ontology, using both the conceptual and empirical approaches.

<author> Gollner, Kathleen; Webster, Tenny; Nathan, Lisa
<title> The Neighborhood Book Exchange: Community catalyst or media hype?
<abstract> Through this poster we introduce the recent appearance of Neighborhood Book Exchanges (NooX) across North America and outline our plans for an empirical investigation of the phenomenon. Our investigation draws upon social networking theory, information seeking behavior scholarship and literature from community informatics to frame and investigate the following questions: Does the use of NooX engender stronger community ties amongst its users; In what ways do NooX support (or not) usersí information behaviours? Are there identifiable patterns between the NooX content and its location over time? Through this submission we develop a working description of a NooX, propose an initial investigation of the NooX phenomenon, and anticipate contributions to contemporary information theory.

<author> Biava, Ryan
<title> Network maps and congressional frames: Analyzing bill titles as a field of conflict
<abstract> What can we learn about how Members of Congress (MCs) frame the regulation and uses of the Internet by analyzing how they entitle legislation they sponsor that contains the word ëInternetí? Existing literatures on framing argue that MCs, as policy entrepreneurs, utilize fields of public and official discourse available to them to manage conflict within the Congress. Current empirical research of MCsí public communications focuses on long-established and new mediums of communication. This project, however, is interested in a medium of communication available to MCs, but which has received scant attention: the short-titles of legislation they sponsor. Using network analysis of a database of all legislation containing the word ëInternetí from 1994 to 2009 (N=1,170), this project finds that certain terms co-occur more frequently than others, and that the overall structure of co-occurrence demonstrates a coherent deployment of language by MCs along two dimensions: the protection and administration of society.

<author> Najmi, Anjum; Keralis, Spencer D. C.
<title> New models for supporting digital scholarship: UNTís DiSCo
<abstract> This poster examines a new model for supporting digital scholarship across the disciplines, as implemented by the University of North Texas Digital Scholarship Co-Operative (DiSCo). Digital scholarship offers researchers ways to communicate and collaborate across disciplinary boundaries and provide opportunities for training and access to digital tools to support research and teaching. Recognizing this needs, UNT established the DiSCo to serve as a focal point for data management support, and to foster the development and use of digital tools for research, teaching, and learning.

<author> Joo, Soohyung; Wolfram, Dietmar; Song, Suyong
<title> Nonparametric estimation of search query patterns
<abstract> In this poster, we adopted nonparametric regression as a method to identify the unique distribution of query log data collected from the Excite search service in May 2001. In Informetrics, parametric modeling has been widely used in tracing term frequency data, such as Zipfís law, Lotkaís law, or Bradfordís law. However, these traditional parametric methods have had limited application when detecting distributions for large datasets with a nonlinear pattern and a long tail. This study tested kernel regression as an alternative tool to model nonlinearity of term frequency patterns. The results indicated that the kernel regression produced an improved model fit compared to previous parametric approaches in modeling query patterns.

<author> Haslhofer, Bernhard; Newman, Keith; Stefanik, Amanda; Robitza, Werner; Lagoze, Carl
<title> Old maps and open data networks
<abstract> Old maps are a record of the past, exposing features people might want to tell stories about. Maphub is a Web application that enables them to do so by creating annotations on digitized high-resolution historical maps. By semantically tagging regions on the map, users create associations between their annotations and resources in open Web-based data networks. These associations are leveraged to enable multilingual search and to generate overlays of historical maps on modern mapping applications. Contributed annotations are shared on the Web following the W3C Open Annotation specification. Preliminary studies show general user satisfaction with our approach.

<author> Waugh, Laura
<title> Open access publishing fees: Responses, strategies and emerging best practices
<abstract> The Open Access (OA) movement has led to a rethinking and restructuring of traditional publishing funding models. A growing number of OA journals require authors to pay an Article Processing Charge (APC) in order to have their articles published in their journal. In addition, hybrid journals (i.e. traditional, subscription-based journals), are beginning to offer the option to make an article OA if authors pay an APC. This practice of charging an additional APC in order to provide open accessibility to articles is seen by many publishers as a transitional method from subscription-based models to more inclusive models of funding to incorporate OA initiatives. In response to the increasing number of journals charging APCs that authors are responsible for paying in order to have open accessibility to their work, a growing number of universities are creating OA funds to help cover all or a portion of the costs. This poster illustrates the findings of this research and identifies emerging best practices among universities that have implemented an OA fund.

<author> Louis, Claudia A.
<title> Organizational perspectives of open innovation in government
<abstract> This study seeks to explore the factors and conditions that influence the adoption and implementation of open innovation practices in public sector agencies. It examines the implementation of a web-based crowdsourcing platform used to solicit public input in solving problems encountered by agencies. Theoretical development is based on open innovation literature in private firms and draws on classic innovation literature from both the private and public sectors. Qualitative data is collected through interviews and analyzed using a combination of deductive and inductive coding. The expected outcome is the deeper understanding of the influencing factors and conditions, as well as the various characteristics of these practices.

<author> Phuritsabam, Bobby; Purnima Devi, Th.; Sagolsem, Memori
<title> Paradigm shift of LIS education in the North East region India
<abstract> This paper traces the emergence of library and information science education in North East India. Describe the current status, the different patterns, levels and modules of LIS education. Provide an overview of the programmes being offered by various universities in North East India. Discuss the needs for maintaining uniform model curriculum and standards in LIS education. Also discuss the trends, problems and challenges face by the LIS professionals. Discuss the approaches to prepare the LIS professionals to face the challenges of the future.

<author> Currie, Morgan E.
<title> Participation in the city: A typology of open government data use
<abstract> Open Government Data (OGD) is defined broadly as any online publication of government documents, and more specifically as government data sets structured for public consumption and reuse. OGD proponents proclaim its benefits: government transparency, increased civic participation, and more efficient, sustainable cities. Critics point out that access to data is not enough: a sophisticated degree of information literacy is required to use OGD effectively for civic agendas. On either side of the debate, what is often missing is a more empirical understanding of who uses OGD and for what purposes. This poster presents preliminary research on methods that might aid in sifting through the civic uses of OGD. I focus on OGD related to city planning in the United States, namely data on air quality, public transit, and housing, to build a classification of OGD usage and to ask how these data sets might be deployed to enhance civic life.

<author> Farah, Dori; Walas, Julie
<title> The It Girls Overnight Retreat: An iSchool recruitment model for prospective female undergraduate students
<abstract> Responding to the well-known need for more women in computing and information science, the Syracuse iSchool offers a powerful and replicable solution: The It Girls Overnight Retreat. This intensive, peer-focused program combines mentoring with a specifically designed curriculum to engage, inspire, and celebrate young women and their potential in the information industry. First piloted in 2011, the iSchool received college applications from 50% of the seniors in attendance and 11 of them became matriculated students. The event model was then enhanced with research-based assessment tools, activities for parents and high school counselors, and the inclusion of barrier-breaking female role models. In Fall 2012, the second-annual event attracted 93 high school juniors and seniors from 43 high schools across 6 states. For the iConference, Syracuse will report on recruitment results, pre- and post-survey data results from the attendees, and best practices for peer institutions with a desire to replicate the event.

<author> Heidorn, P. Bryan; Zhang, Qianjin
<title> Label Annotation through Biodiversity Enhanced Learning
<abstract> The LABELX (Label Annotation through Biodiversity Enhanced Learning) is an extension of the HERBIS NLP system reported previously (Heidorn & Wei, 2008). The objective of the system is to formaly structure output from Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the highly variable labels of natural history museum specimens. OCR errors are common in the OCR output. Genus and species names are particularly prone to errors. Records are preprocessed using a fuzzy-match algorithm to find and replace genus and species names, including those with OCR errors, and replace those with a constant token. Integers and strings that begin with Alphabetic characters and end with numbers are also replaced with tokens. LABELX generates structured XML data and RDF and makes corrections to OCR errors in some fields. The main algorithm is a Hidden Markov Model (HMM). This poster reports an enhancement to the previous system with a larger data set.

<author> Zavalina, Oksana L.; Vassilieva, Elena V.
<title> Large-scale digital library user searching: What role does domain play?
<abstract> This poster presents findings of an exploratory comparative analysis of user search queries in three large-scale digital libraries: two domain-specific (National Science Digital Library and Opening History) functioning in the domains of STEM education and US history, and one domain-independent (IMLS Digital Collections and Content). Results suggest that domain-based differences (i.e., difference in user searching between the digital libraries representing different domains) are more substantial than differences in user searching between domain-specific and domain-independent large-scale digital libraries. These findings may have implications for design and evaluation of large-scale aggregations of digitized materials.

<author> Weber, Nicholas M.; Thomer, Andrea K.
<title> Lead, lag or get out of the index: Exploring macro-economic indicators of data use
<abstract> Developing techniques to better quantify, track and more accurately describe the impact of federally funded research is quickly becoming a reputable domain for information studies, including data curation. In previous papers weíve suggested the adaptation of an existing Data Use Index to quantify data use in the Research Data Archive at the National Center for Atmospheric Research. In this poster we revisit those indicators to determine their ability to forecast or indicate changes in data use over time. Central to our exploration of these indicators is an economic approach to quantifying data use, which holds that patterns in data repository events (downloads, searches, browsing etc.) should be capable of both predicting and explaining variations in data use over time. We present preliminary results from this analysis and conclude with some prospects for future work with macroeconomic indicators.

<author> Stark, Shannon; Alemneh, Daniel Gelaw; Eisenhauer, Stephen
<title> The lifecycle management of ETDs Project: Multi stakeholders national partnership
<abstract> The transition from traditional paper and microfilm formats to electronic theses and dissertations presents a number of significant challenges for academic libraries. To address these challenges, the UNT Libraries, together with their partners, are working on a collaborative project sponsored by an Institute of Museum and Library Services National Leadership grant. This poster describes the project objectives, possible outcomes, and proposed deliverables including a toolkit of guidelines, educational materials, and software tools.

<author> Stoerger, Sharon
<title> Lights, cameras, action: Using video to create instructor presence in an online information studies course
<abstract> By definition, social presence involves making individuals feel connected and part of a community. Yet, creating social presence among the students and the instructor does not happen automatically and can be challenging to develop in online courses. In these learning environments, interactions are typically conducted via text-based and asynchronous media. The visual and auditory cues that are often associated with face-to-face interactions are absent in this form of communication. However, easy-to-use and inexpensive technologies that can foster presence are emerging. This project investigated the use of rich media to promote visual thinking and increase the instructorís social presence. More specifically, instructor-created videos were used to enhance the sense of presence in a fully online course. Based on surveys and unstructured follow-up interviews, the students responded favorably to the richer mode of communication and indicated that they felt a greater connection to the instructor, as well as their classmates.

<author> Vashchilko, Tatiana; Xiao, Lu
<title> Literature review: How content analysis is used to study human rights violations in political science?
<abstract> Our study focuses on the review of the existing datasets on human rights violations to understand the types of data sources used to construct the datasets and the methodologies to measure the degree of human rights violations in different countries. This poster paper reports, preliminary findings from Political Science research in 1971-2012 on the scope of employed human right violationsí data and methodologies.

<author> Mascaro, Christopher; McDonald, Nora; Black, Alan; Goggins, Sean P.
<title> Looking @ position: examining the location of Twitter handles in a political event
<abstract> In the following poster we examine how differences in location of @---mentions constitute both differences in meaning and social signaling in the context of the 2012 United States Presidential election. Through our analysis we establish that the Twitter handles of Barack Obama and Mitt Romney have distinctly different positions in tweets where they are mentioned. We expand on this finding by exploring how these positions change over time and how different syntactical features affect this position.

<author> Bogers, Toine; Rasmussen, Rune Rosenborg; Jensen, Louis Sebastian Bo
<title> Measuring serendipity in the lab: The effects of priming and monitoring
<abstract> While the phenomenon of serendipity has proven to be a popular research topic, the issue of how to measure it effectively still relatively unexplored. We present an exploratory study that contributes to our understanding of this issue by examining the effect of (1) priming people about the concept of serendipity and (2) monitoring participants on how they experience serendipity when searching for information in a controlled environment. Our experiments indicate that it is best to keep such controlled experiments as natural as possible: priming participants about serendipity and monitoring them during their experiments seem to have a negative influence on experiencing serendipity, as they are more likely to induce participants to stay on task instead of exhibiting diverging information behavior.

<author> Kusunoki, Diana S.; Sarcevic, Aleksandra
<title> A participatory framework for evaluation design
<abstract> Users and the information systems designed to support their needs and behaviors are becoming increasingly complex. Evaluators are tasked with designing evaluation methods that address the evaluation challenges of systems conceived through newer design principles, while also identifying issues and user perceptions in an efficient and effective manner. We argue that user involvement through structured formative evaluation design can fill the conceptual and procedural gaps between system design and system evaluation. This poster proposes a participatory framework for designing evaluation methods that can help designers and evaluators develop holistic approaches to design and evaluation by bringing greater detail, structure, and clarity to evaluation design. To determine the feasibility of this participatory evaluation design framework, we will integrate the system evaluation and evaluation design process into the system design process of information displays that support team situation awareness during trauma resuscitation.

<author> Kim, David
<title> Placing the Walls: 3-D modeling of Chicana/o murals in LA
<abstract> Placing the Walls is a digital project that analyzes the ëmural environmentí of the Estrada Courts Public Housing in Boyle Heights, East Los Angeles, the site of more than sixty wall paintings organized by the community during the Chicana/o movement of the 1970s. Close examination of both the muralsí spatial organization and the temporal layer of graffiti reveals the complex history of the social space of the barrio and its relationship to identity formation. While the most iconic and representative murals at the site document the history of political activism within the social justice paradigm of El Movimiento towards affirming community identity, the lesser-known murals index an alternate consciousness of place rooted in the long history of the barrio in Los Angeles. Emphasizing both the muralsí historical references and their spatial relations, it proposes 3-D modeling as an analytical tool for visualizing and interpreting the site specificity of ëplace,í contributing to recent developments in digital methodology in spatial history and cultural geography

<author> Carmichael, Lisandra R.; McClure, Charles R.; Mandel, Lauren M.; Mardis, Marcia
<title> Practical approaches and proposed strategies for measuring selected aspects of community-based broadband deployment and use
<abstract> A series of studies of rural Florida community anchor institutions have concluded that existing national measurement practices for broadband penetration, adoption, and impact are often poorly defined, confusing, or inadequate to inform decisions about community broadband deployment and adoption. As a result, local broadband initiatives may be hindered by ìmeasurement confusion.î We propose the Broadband Readiness Index (BRI) with a number of broadband readiness criteria to address this confusion and position local officials to better coordinate, deploy, and use broadband locally; demonstrate how improved high-speed broadband affects their communities over time; and sustain planning for continuous improvements of community broadband use.

<author> Mugar, Gabriel H.
<title> A practice perspective on websites for the sharing economy
<abstract> The sharing economy describes an economic model where people sell, share, or barter their skills or owned assets directly to others. This economy is facilitated primarily by websites that act as hubs for the visibility and transactions of local assets. Yochai Benkler notes that such peer-to-peer transactions are mediated not by market prices or organizational hierarches, but by normative frameworks. How the normative frameworks are produced and perpetuated by transacting parties on the websites has yet to be studied by scholars. This paper proposes a practice perspective as a theoretical framework and Sense-Making as a method to explore how users interact with each other on the websites so as to produce and sustain the normative frameworks critical to the success of the sharing economy.

<author> Lenhart, Laura
<title> Privacy and property: market-inalienable property rights and the aggregation of personal information
<abstract> This poster will present the early stages of research on privacy and the aggregation of personal information that draws on Michael Walzerís seminal Spheres of Justice to develop a eudaimonistic approach to social policy (1983). In particular, this poster presents a property-based approach to personal information with an important and novel contribution: property rights in large aggregations of data should be market-inalienable.

<author> Capps, Janet L.; Bayo, Ivette; Campana, Katie; Feldman, Erika N.; Dresang, Eliza T.; Burnett, Kathleen
<title> Project VIEWS2--Phase 1: Innovation in early literacy
<abstract> The researchers propose to share first year results from VIEWS2, Valuable Initiatives in Early Learning that Work Successfully, a 3-year Institute for Museum and Library Service (IMLS) National Leadership Research Grant. Year 1 of VIEWS2, using a pre-post text experimental design was proposed to measure the early literacy outcomes for children birth to kindergarten who attend public library programs. Results stem from data collected by 20 iSchool student and faculty researchers in 40 libraries at 120 storytimes attended by 1440 children using researcher-developed tools designed to observe childrenís behavior and adult program presentation. High positive correlation occurred between adult practices and developmentally appropriate childrenís outcomes at the group level.

<author> McCay-Peet, Lori; Toms, Elaine G.
<title> Proposed facets of a serendipitous digital environment
<abstract> Serendipity is broadly defined as an unexpected and valuable experience prompted by an individualís interactions with ideas, information, objects, and phenomena; in digital worlds the challenge to date has been in designing and developing a digital environment that is capable of facilitating serendipity. In this poster we present the early stages of the development of a means to measure whether digital environments such as social media sites, search engines, and digital libraries have the potential to facilitate serendipity. Drawing from prior research and the initial results of an expert review, this poster outlines the preliminary facets or sub-dimensions of a serendipitous digital environment (SDE). These facets will be used to develop a scale: _Enables exploration_, _Trigger-rich_, _Enables connections_, _Highlights triggers_, and _Leads to the unexpected_. The results of this research will provide both a source for design elements that may guide the development of digital environments that support serendipity and a tool for developers and researchers to assess the serendipitous nature of digital environments.

<author> Zhang, Zhan; Sarcevic, Aleksandra; An, Yuan
<title> A prototype system for heterogeneous data management and medical devices integration in trauma resuscitation
<abstract> We propose a system for information acquisition, integration and presentation to support situation awareness during trauma resuscitation. The system consists of (a) medical devices for data acquisition, (b) a database and middleware applications for storing and processing data, and (c) a computer coupled with a large wall display for data presentation. We discuss the initial design of this system and the planned evaluation and implementation steps in the future.

<author> Sethi, Pranay
<title> Public opinion aggregation by annotation and tagging of online news stories
<abstract> Ubiquitous access to internet has resulted in more and more people going online to get their daily dose of news. In a 2010 survey conducted by the Pew Project for Excellence in Journalism, 41% of the respondents said they get most of their news online, 10% more than those who said they got most of their news from a newspaper. A lot of socio-technical factors have contributed to this phenomenal rise in adoption of online news in recent years. One of the biggest reasons why people are increasingly reading news online is because it facilitates discussion with peers (Nguyen 2010), offering different viewpoints which aid in forming a rounded personal opinion about the news story. The Pew survey found that 37% of online news users (and 51% of 18-29 year olds) think that commenting on news stories is an important feature to have. A lot of people tend to shape their opinion by reading discussion comments, reflective articles, blogs and even tweets about the news. Hence, an increasing number of people rely on online sources of news ñ be it news websites or news aggregator services like Digg, Reddit, Google Reader, Flipboard, Pulse etc. The problem with these news websites and aggregators is that the only way people can gather public opinion is by actively searching through the endless stream of comments and feeds, filtering out spam (which is a growing problem) and then reading the relevant posts. A top trending story on Twitter will typically see multiple tweets per second, and keeping up with the rapid flow of incoming tweets is quite cumbersome and cognitively taxing. Hence it becomes increasingly difficult and time consuming for someone who wants to get the pulse of the people affected by a news story. Furthermore, in certain scenarios people might want to look at more fine grained opinions. Currently, there is no elegant way to extract geographic and demographic impact of a news story. What is the public sentiment in Indonesia about the Arab Spring? How did the public opinion about the Wikileaks disclosures change as the story unfolded during the course of a year? It is very difficult and tedious to observe such patterns using the currently available news providers. This work attempts to solve these problems by proposing a news aggregator platform which pulls news stories from various sources and also aggregates public responses, reflections, opinions and sentiments associated with those stories. This data is presented in ways that are easily understandable so readers can make better sense of the stories unfolding across the globe.

<author> Azogu, Olajumoke; Chen, Jiangping
<title> Randomized sampling: An approach to extraction of metadata records
<abstract> Random samples are desired by researchers to produce results that are generalizable. We present an approach to extract random samples of metadata records from Open Archives Initiative Protocol for Metadata Harvesting (OAI-PMH) repositories and others such as Z39.50 collections. Based on our approach, we developed PHP scripts to randomly extract 2000 metadata records from two digital repositories. Our approach can be used by others that need to extract representative samples from digital collections.

<author> Knox, Emily J. M.
<title> Reading practices and intellectual freedom research
<abstract> Based on discourse from 13 challenge cases from 2007-2011, the study argues that studying contemporary reading practices, especially interpretive strategies, is vital to understanding why people attempt to censor books.

<author> Thompson, Hale; Koepfler, Jes A.; Sydenham, Katherine; Hoffman, Anthony
<title> Real Talk: A toolkit for community engagement, transparency, and mobile governance
<abstract> The Real Talk Toolkit for community transparency, and mobile governance is inspired by the design imperative to close the gap between the way communities are experienced online and in the real world. the toolkit, which includes vibrantly colored, bio-degradable stickers that can be applied to a physical environment, allows a community that is mobilized around an issue to make its concerns, local knowledge, or community pride visible in the real world and online. Making this information visible enhances opportunities for engagement with local government and community stakeholders.

<author> Meyers, Eric M.; Krabbenhoft, Lindsey; McKnight, Julia P.
<title> Remediating Tinker Bell: Childhood commodification and the transmedia narrative
<abstract> The 100-year trajectory of the mischievous Tinker Bell, from J.M Barrieís 1904 play Peter Pan to the present-day Disney Fairies franchise, is a metanarrative of adaptation and remediation through which media and ìchildhoodî can be seen to interrelate as mutually constitutive forces. With a focus on contemporary childrenís media and narrative, this paper examines multiple incarnations of a media franchise at 50-year intervals. Our close-reading yields insights into the reflexive relationship between social constructions of childhood, the evolution of narrative in childrenís literature, and the development of media for child audiences since the Edwardian era.

<author> Templeton, T. Clay; Fleischmann, Kenneth R.
<title> Research specialties as emergent phenomena: Connecting emergence theory and scientometrics
<abstract> This short paper represents an initial effort to connect the emergence theory literature with the bibliometric, informetric, and scientometic literatures. It begins with a prominent definition of emergence, and then connects each of the components of this definition with the relevant insights about the development of new scientific and technical concepts or research specialties. Finally, it concludes with a discussion of the relationship between these two distinct areas of scholarly inquiry and the need for further exploration of this intersection.

<author> Worrall, Adam
<title> The role of digital libraries as boundary objects within and across communities
<abstract> Despite increased study of social contexts within information science, it is still unclear if and how digital libraries support and facilitate collaboration, communities, and other social contexts. This poster presents a study that will examine the role of the LibraryThing and Goodreads digital libraries, as social phenomena and boundary objects, in information behaviors and activities taking place within, between, and across multiple existing and emergent communities. The study will focus on the two key phenomena of communities and collaboration, under a theoretical framework drawing from Starís boundary object theory, Straussís social worlds perspective, and Burnett and Jaegerís theory of information worlds. Data will be collected from the two cases using a sequential, multi-phased mixed methods design employing content analysis, a survey, and interviews. The study should have significant implications for digital library research and practice and for related research on social networking, social media, and social Web services.

<author> Guo, Chun; Zhang, Jinsong; Liu, Xiaozhong
<title> Scientific metadata quality enhancement for scholarly publications
<abstract> Keyword metadata is very important to the access, retrieval, and management of scientific publications. However, author-assigned keywords are not always readily available in digital repositories. In this study, in order to enhance metadata quality, we explore different automatic methods to infer keywords from scholarly articles, including supervised topic modeling, language model, and mutual information. Evaluation results showed that the linear combination of mutual information and topic modeling with full text outperform other methods on MAP, while language model with abstract performed better than other methods on the measure of precision@10.

<author> Shin, Dong-Hee; Kim, Tae-Yang
<title> Smart TV as a social platform
<abstract> Smart TV, a new digital television service, has been rapidly developing, particularly in Korea. With the conceptual model of interactivity, this study empirically investigates the effects of perceived interactivity on the motivations and attitudes toward Smart TV in Korea. A model is created to validate the relationship of perceived interactivity to performance, attitude, and intention. Further, the model examines the mediating roles of perceived interactivity in the effect of performance on attitude toward Smart TV. Empirical evidence supports the mediating role of perceived interactivity. Implications of the findings are discussed in terms of building a theory of interactivity and providing practical insights into developing a user-centered Smart TV interface.

<author> Walker, Shawn; Hemsley, Jeff; Eckert, Josef; Mason, Robert M.; Nahon, Karine
<title> SoMe tools for social media research
<abstract> The Social Media Lab at UW (SoMeLab.net) has been collecting tweets related to the Occupy Movement since October 2011. This poster presents the challenges, technical approach, and some results from the effort, which to date has collected over 80 million tweets. The SoMe Lab was recently awarded a $1 million NSF grant to develop an open source toolkit to make it feasible for non-technical researchers to conduct similar social media research.

<author> Nelhans, Gustaf; Maurin Sˆderholm, Hanna; Nolin, Jan; Klang, Mathias; Lassi, Monica
<title> Spontaneous reactions to an anti-piracy initiative: A Youtube clip micro analysis
<abstract> In this case study we analyzed the traces of spontaneous reactions of Youtube users when confronted with the short clip íYou wouldnít Steal a Carí, that was used by the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) to influence people not to download copyrighted material from the Internet. This film has become an important cultural icon, which to a certain degree has shaped a whole generation of film viewers. The aim of this study was to provide an example of how anti piracy initiatives are received and understood by the receivers of the message. This was performed by collecting and analyzing the users spontaneous reactions as entered as comments on the Youtube page for the clip by qualitatively categorizing the contents using a bottom up approach. The results suggest that people practicing Internet-based culture consumption (IBCC) do this in more nuanced ways than is assumed in the film, where they are polarized as either ìcommon thievesî or ìgood citizensî.

<author> Griffin, Brian L.
<title> Surveillance of audience labor using new media: Three innovations of television broadcast networks
<abstract> In response to the proliferation of channels, the growth of the Internet, and the availability of time-shifting and advertisement-blocking technologies, how are television broadcast networks using new media innovations to efficiently exploit and sell audience labour to advertisers? Drawing upon insights from political economy approaches to audience labour, this poster outlines three new media strategies television broadcast networks use to better exploit audience labour: online broadcasting, audience-generated content, and social media as product placement. These strategies enhance the capacity of networks and advertisers to better measure audience labour through heightened surveillance available in new media. Understanding the surveillance and exploitation of audience labour by using these strategies is essential for empowering audiences as television and new media become increasingly integrated across platforms.

<author> Helsing, Joseph; Lewis, Paulette; Warga, Edward
<title> Teaching tools, applications, and infrastructure for digital curation through the use of a virtual lab
<abstract> With an increased demand for digital curation, data management, archiving, and preservation the library and information science community has begun offering new education and training in these fields. A trend in this education is the use of online virtual labs to offer students hands-on experience with the tools and methodologies inherent to these fields. At the University of North Texas, we are also developing a four course education program in digital curation and data management including a course called Tools, Applications, and Infrastructure for Digital Curation that employs a virtual lab component. This paper discusses the first offering of the course; several challenges we faced; and the new strategies developed to address these issues and improve the course and virtual lab for the next offering.

<author> Ahmed, Syed Ishtiaque; Cambo, Scott Allen; Lagoze, Carl; Velden, Theresa
<title> Toward a mesoscopic analysis of the temporal evolution of scientific collaboration networks
<abstract> This poster reports on our latest results in a multiyear project that employs a mixed network analytic and ethnographic approach to understand the factors underlying field-specific attitudes towards openness and sharing of scholarly data. We report initial results of adding a temporal dimension to an analysis of scientific collaboration networks that provide evidence for comparative study of community structures and collaboration patterns across scientific fields. The addition of a temporal dimension to the analysis allows us to study the dynamic processes involved in the evolution of a scientific community and to determine field specific patterns. Further, it improves the accuracy with which the internal structures of scientific collectives can be resolved. This ongoing work advances an ethnographically grounded approach to the mesoscopic analysis of collaboration networks. Supported by ethnographic insights, we can connect mesoscopic network features to notions of research groups, group leadership and implied seniority, inter-group collaboration, between group migration, and ephemeral one-off exchanges. Eventually, a mesoscopic perspective should allow us to significantly improve the validity of models to explain network evolution.

<author> Lin, Peyina; Karlova, Natascha; Marino, John; Eisenberg, Michael
<title> Trust and community: Continued engagement in Second Life
<abstract> 3D social virtual worlds (VWs), like Second Life (SL), have potential as alternative modes for in-formation seeking and socialization. Yet, finding trustworthy social connections for expertise and social support can be challenging in Second Life (SL), a 3D social virtual world, where identi-ties are fluid. We explored how long-time SL users established and diffused trust within their communities by vetting each other as trusted information sources. By drawing on the relation-ship among trust, being highly sought after, social status, and continued engagement in SL, we identify challenges that VWs like SL face, and provide recommendations for social navigation systems to support continued engagement in social virtual worlds.

<author> Nicholson, Scott
<title> Two paths to motivation through game design elements: Reward-based gamification and meaningful gamification
<abstract> Gamification is the use of game design elements for a non-game context. While most current examples of gamification are based upon rewards for motivation, there is another approach, known as meaningful gamification, that works to help a user find meaning in the non-game context. The goal of this poster is to contrast the reward-based gamification model with the model of meaningful gamification. The poster will explain the basic concepts of gamification, present the two models of gamification, discuss when each type of gamification is appropriate, provide gamification and meaningful gamification examples, and point attendees to additional information about gamification.

<author> Jeong, Wooseob; Kapusniak, Renee; Han, Hyejung
<title> The usability study on the multicultural childrenís book project of the National Library for Children and Young Adults (NLCY) in Korea
<abstract> In this study, usability issues at the multicultural childrenís book project web site of the National Library for Children and Young Adults (NLCY) in Korea were identified, particularly for children users. Suggestions for improvements include brighter colors, bigger fonts and graphics, more lively animation and sound, easier navigation, consistent interface, summary availability, better organization of information and labeling, and multilingual searching and browsing function. A user study is being planned for future development.

<author> Fisher, Karen E.; Fawcett, Phil
<title> Using design thinking to empower ethnic minority immigrant youth in their roles as information and technology mediaries
<abstract> In the United States, almost one in nine people are foreign born (2010 U.S. Census). While diversity brings incredible richness, it also belies responsibility for helping immigrants participate fully in American life and culture versus isolating themselves within ethnic communities. Our past work funded by the U. S. Institute of Museum and Library Services and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation shows two-thirds of people use library computers to search for information on behalf of someone else (US Impact Study, 2011). These Information Mediaries (Infomediaries) tend to be young, non-white, non-native English speakers, suggesting ethnic minority youth are key for understanding the information needs of their respective populations, passing on needed information to otherwise hidden users (especially non-English speaking, non-library users). Our current research is over two phases supported by Microsoft and the Institute of Museum and Library Services we are employing design thinking (Brown, 2008, HBR, 2008), to study how ethnic minority youth serve as technology and information mediaries within their social networks. Our approach brings in perspectives from computer science, information science, design, information behavior, and uses research methods such as participatory design, action research, social networking analysis, rapid prototyping, and engineering. Our method integrates these perspectives and methods into a multi-day workshop format called ìteen design days.î

<author> Huggett, Michael; Rasmussen, Edie
<title> Using digital book metrics for navigation and browsing
<abstract> As the scholarís work migrates from print to the digital realm, new ways of browsing, navigating and searching collections of digital books are needed. The Back-of Book Index is a carefully crafted source of information on a bookís vocabulary and concepts, and if aggregated across multiple books, for a subject domain as a whole. Using a test collection of digital books in a variety of domains, we explore the use of index vocabulary to derive a series of metrics to indicate the relationships between index vocabulary and the digital collection, and the relationships between the books within a digital domain. We are investigating ways in which these metrics can be used to facilitate navigation and browsing at the domain level, to identify the most appropriate works within a digital collection for a particular subject or topic.

<author> Pymm, Bob; Hay, Lyn
<title> Using Etherpads as platforms for collaborative learning in a distance education LIS course
<abstract> This poster presents findings of a scholarship in teaching project which explored the online collaborative learning experiences of distance education (DE) students undertaking an undergraduate information studies program in an Australian university. The School of Information Studies (SIS) at Charles Sturt University is a leader in the provision of library and information studies education by distance. A recent curriculum review of undergraduate and postgraduate courses resulted in greater integration of Web 2.0 technologies to support DE teaching and learning. This included the redesign of the collection management course which serves approximately 100 undergraduate students per year. The aim of this project was to encourage greater communication and collaboration between students in this course to address challenges of isolation and lack of student community reported by previous cohorts. The researchers found the use of Etherpad as a collaborative document sharing platform successfully supported group-based assessment tasks and the development of studentsí skills in critical thinking and collaborative practice, leading to an enhanced DE learning experience.

<author> Demarest, Bradford; Sugimoto, Cassidy R.
<title> Using machine learning models to interpret disciplinary styles of metadiscourse in dissertation abstracts
<abstract> This paper presents the results of a study of disciplinary stylistic differences among dissertation abstracts from physics, psychology, and philosophy. Based on differences in relative frequencies of metadiscourse terms as provided by Hyland (2005), we used a machine learning approach to construct SMO vector support models of each discipline whose average accuracy (88.3%) surpassed a baseline model by 22%. We found that model term weights supported the findings of previous qualitative research regarding differences between disciplines and by extension between hard sciences, social sciences, and humanities. Given the success of the metadiscourse-based model, we conclude by proposing an expanded study to investigate disciplinary style both across disciplines and over time.

<author> Seberger, John S.; Knobel, Cory P.
<title> Watching for whales: Emerging configurations of scholarly communication
<abstract> This poster describes the creation of a multi-modal, interactive digital report as an example of emerging configurations of scholarly communication. The digital report is a web-based artifact including textual, aural, graphic, and video content presented in a loose narrative structure, and is designed to return agency of narrative creation and sense making to the user. The value, creation, and challenges associated with designing and creating the digital report are discussed.

<author> Albertson, Dan
<title> When thumbnails are and are not enough: Factors behind usersí requests for information from a video digital library
<abstract> Research questions were posed to examine usersí requests for information, beyond a keyframe, and certain influences thereof when interactively retrieving video. Laboratory-style search experiments employing 28 users from the field of science education were conducted. Users were asked to attempt six pre-designed search topics. All actions of the users and topic durations were recorded, and a post-search questionnaire was used to collect data about the topics and usersí experiences and impressions of the experimental system. Results showed that users regularly requested information about a clip, beyond a keyframe, while searching, not browsing, and that requests varied significantly across certain topic categories devised for this study. Usersí requests for information about a clip were negatively correlated with post-search satisfaction ratings, search times, and the number of actions performed. Findings also indicated that users' requests were not associated with a search topic's representation of the experimental domain. Such findings give researchers additional insight about user interface design for video digital libraries.

<author> Beaton, Brian
<title> "Citizen science online gaming: Work or play?" or "Some of the values in the design of web-based citizen science games: The case of Phylo"
<abstract> This paper traces the rise of citizen science online gaming and situates citizen science games within larger debates about public culture, gaming culture, and information literacy. It argues that citizen science games are part of broader shifts in the culture, politics, and economics of scientific research. On the one hand, these games can offer a lively contact zone, introducing ordinary people to the idea of ìBig Dataî and democratizing the research cultures within the professional sciences. Yet on the other hand, such games enroll thousands of people into performing unpaid scientific work without offering any explanation as to why this type of data collection and analysis is distinct from salaried iterations of similar tasks. This paper outlines the theoretical stakes of both interpretations and thus contributes to ongoing scholarly conversations about scientific communication, information work and workplaces, gaming culture, and information literacy.

<author> Madsen, Dorte
<title> Conceptualizing the information field: A multidimensional approach based on interdisciplinary theory
<abstract> The purpose of this paper is to explore the challenges of developing a shared conceptual framework for the Information Field, based on interdisciplinary theory.

<author> Skov, Mette
<title> Highly dedicated enthusiasts: Online museum visitors doing everyday life information seeking
<abstract> A current trend is to make museum collections widely accessible by digitising cultural heritage collections for the Internet. The present case study aims to add to previous studies by exploring what characterises online museum visitors in an everyday life information seeking context. Three factors are explored: information needs, information seeking and information use. Based on the serious leisure perspective two different user groups are identified: collectors and liberal art enthusiasts. Across the two hobby types, user study participants can be characterised as special interest museum visitors pursuing a long-standing interest or hobby. Participantsí dedication and often considerable time spent on the hobby indicate that their hobbies are integrated components of everyday practices.

<author> Zhou, Xiaomu; Sun, Si
<title> Patient-provider communication and information access via online patient portal: Understanding user behaviors to improve healthcare and outcomes
<abstract> Patient-physician communication is moving online. While face-to-face communication remains critical, information technologies (e.g. SMS, email, e-visit system) have been used to serve additional communication channels between patients and providers beyond clinical encounters. Our study investigated a patient portal system implemented in a large medical center. We employed both quantitative and qualitative methods to analyze 1172 interactions via the portal among patients, physicians, nurses and secretaries. Our analysis revealed rich accounts about the topics patients communicated with their providers and how patients discussed sensitive issues regarding their routine illness management. This helped their providers understand patients better not only in their medical situation but also how patients coped with chronic diseases in their larger social context. Furthermore, this study explores how information technologies can be better designed to empower patient-provider communication, facilitate information delivery, and enable patients and general populations to take an active role in their routine healthcare management.

<author> Shilton, Katie
<title> Social values in a future Internet: Analyzing the named data networking protocols
<abstract> The Internet has permeated the economic, political, cultural and social domains of global society and transformed the way in which we present and transmit knowledge. The infrastructure underlying the Internet continues to evolve, with ramifications for not only the technical protocols that govern the way the network functions, but also implications for social, economic, and legal issues. Internet protocols affect debates about intellectual property, cyber security, and the basic performance and reliability of Internet services. What social values will be considered in the design of future Internet architectures? And how should these values be embedded within design to increase the trustworthiness, security, reliability, and usability of the Internet? The paper introduces an ethnography of the Named Data Networking (NDN) project, which hopes to redesign internet protocol, and examines the social values embedded in developing NDN standards.

<author> Snyder, Jaime; ÿsterlund, Carsten
<title> Sociomateriality in the sandbox: Visually oriented documenting practices of young entrepreneurs
<abstract> Entrepreneurs are important drivers of innovation. Their work is highly creative while also requiring a distinct paper trail for processes such as incorporation of a business, filing of patents, and management of shifting resources. In order for entrepreneurial team members to interact in productive and creative ways, they need to establish shared and stable frames of reference (i.e., actional field) to support collaborative decision-making and coordination. Documents play a central role in this process. The authors present an ethnographic study of 20 student start-up teams that explored the ways in which young entrepreneurs use documents of mixed materiality (both visual and text-based, analog and digital) to demarcate the actional field for their communicative activities. Many of the teams in this study were embarking on their first experience with the start-up process, providing an interesting opportunity to observe the sociomaterial relationship between their emergent communicative activities and documenting practices.

<author> Brooks, JoAnn; Mann, David
<title> Sociomateriality of information standards in infrastructure: Structure, organization, and process constraints
<abstract> Research on technical details and justifications of specific information standardization schemes is well-established, and research on social construction of standards and the standardization process also has a strong trajectory. Yet these two areas of research generally proceed relatively independently of one another, although it seems clear that more interaction between the areas should inform both. In this paper, we develop a ìsocio-materialî (Orlikowski & Scott 2008) perspective on information standards and standardization as a bridge connecting aspects of these two areas of research.

<author> Choi, Erik; Kitzie, Vanessa; Hendahewa, Chathra
<title> Analyzing how users utilize ëriffí for collaborative searching and sharing contents for social learning in So.cl
<abstract> Microsoft So.cl combines the collaborative features of a social network and the capabilities of a search engine to create a unique social search environment. The activity of riffing provides a unique twist on a typical search results page since users can actually contribute to the results of another personsí search string, and/or annotate their own searches, also providing multimodal content such as image, video, and text within one results display; as well as user generated metadata via comments and tags. These collaborative and search features give so.cl the potential to promote discovery through interaction with search result content. Unfortunately not many so.cl users exhibit riffing behavior. For this reason, we explored behaviors of users who had riffed in order to further examine their behaviors, focusing also on some of the top riff posters, to determine both what behaviors and post activity might be popular among these users. Results from this analysis indicate that overwhelmingly users who riff on othersí posts also tend to create their own riff postings, as well as the fact that as users tend to become more acclimated to the so.cl service, they also tend to riff more. These findings can be used to determine implications for pushing certain behaviors within so.cl to promote riffing behavior.

<author> Menking, Amanda; Bayo, Ivette; Fullerton, Sean
<title> Cairn: Using digital markers to bridge learning communities
<abstract> Cairn is a proposed geo-social networking mobile application that could help people search for, find, participate in, and tag learning communities, events, and artifacts. The goal of Cairn would be to enable users to find others with whom they can study, attend learning events, and share learning related artifacts, such as museum exhibits or historical markers. The primary target audience would consist of post-secondary students; the secondary target audience would be recent graduates and young professionals. Cairn is proposed to be a native mobile app integrated with existing web-based interest and/or social networks. This paper presents a design exploration, including an overview of the relevant sections of the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) geo-social and learning markets, eight key features identified by focus groups and interviewees, a case informed by user research, and possible directions for prototype development and integration with So.cl.

<author> Wu, Yanqi; Yan, Jin; Zhang, Yanting; Yu, Xiaohan
<title> Collaborative timeline: Toward the next generation of history learning
<abstract> In order to learn history, it ought to be a lifelong learning experience, an engaging one, we strive to build a site that engages people into history and helps them navigate across history with advanced technology. A Collaborative Timeline helps people to be more engaged in history learning through effectively managing and sharing history knowledge with friends and fostering collaboration and in-depth discussion among timeline editors. Our timeline makes history fun to learn and easy to illustrate, allows references between historical events and news in present time, enables users to view historical events through different perspectives and facilitates community formation and collaborative learning around history topics. The site achieves these goals by presenting the content using multimedia, offering an intuitive user interface, aggregating different viewpoints and opinions of historical events, enabling a wide range of social features and gamified evaluation mechanisms.

<author> Mandel, Jared; Orcutt, Chelsea
<title> #ElectionClass: Encouraging strategic thinking about politics through social media
<abstract> This abstract will explore #ElectionClass is, a course on social media and the 2012 election offered by the School of Information Studies at Syracuse University. It will provide an overview of the course structure of #ElectionClass, asThe course involves in-class tweeting, analysis of the real presidential election, as well as a mock campaign project. A number of students took on well as the additional interdisciplinary efforts that emerged as a result of the coursework. #ElectionClassís The results of the experiential teaching model as theypromotes relate to studentsí lifelong learning and engagement with social media by giving them a voice and a role in a real-life event. will also be explored.

<author> Spears, Laura; Ramos, Nathaniel, Jr.; Lee, Jisue
<title> iMapLibraries: Mapping opportunities for lifelong learning
<abstract> The iMapLibraries project combines social media with online mapping to help users find free lifelong learning classes available at local public libraries. Data on classes is solicited through a social media campaign which invites public libraries to ìput themselves on the map.î Libraries can add data about classes directly into the iMapLibraries tool through an online registration page. Data is collected into a Google Fusion Table which produces a Google Map of the libraries with five categories of classes offered plus clickable links for more information via the libraryís web site, Facebook, Twitter, and calendar page. iMapLibraries offers potential for improving public access to lifelong learning classes in libraries, and demonstrates new ways for libraries to collect and share data on available lifelong learning programs and services through social media and online mapping. Future possibilities include mapping other library use data such as meeting spaces, book groups, and tutoring services offered in different languages, which could be found on interactive maps accessible on the web, through social media, and via mobile apps.

<author> Chua, Thomas; Ong, Chin Leng; Png, Kian Ming; Lau, Aloysius; Toh, Houston; Zhu, Feida; Shim, Kyong Jin; Lim, Ee-Peng
<title> K-Pop live: Social networking & language learning platform
<abstract> K-Pop live is a social networking and language learning platform developed by an undergraduate student team from Singapore Management University. K-Pop live aims to combine social media together with gamification to promote Korean culture. It consolidates all relevant Tweets from Twitter as well as videos from YouTube. The platform allows the user to connect with his friends who share similar interests in terms of K-pop artists and music.

<author> Smith, Brittany N.; Lugya, Fredrick K.; Evans, Craig
<title> Learning focused search in an online social network community
<abstract> Current search engines satisfactorily return relevant, ranked results to most posed queries. However, when searching on a dense topic for individual or collaborative learning purposes, the highest ranked results retrieved by these engines might not be the best starting point for learners given their current level of competence. We leverage concepts and computational solutions related to peer knowledge and interaction data in order to convert ranked search results in So.cl into sequenced results that allow learners to start with sources that are accessible and understandable before moving to increasingly advanced and complex content.

<author> Acker, Amelia; Chalmers, Melissa; Burton, Matt; Wythoff, Grant; Lodato, Thomas
<title> Learning with polyphony: AmpDamp
<abstract> With exponential increases of information flows on social media platforms, user experiences have become fragmented, cacophonous, and often overwhelming. Such ìnoiseî makes learning on these platforms difficult. By contrast, the principle of polyphony frames learning with social media as a graceful, intentional threading together of multiple voices. In this paper we describe AmpDamp, a design concept for orchestrating polyphony in social media environments. Connecting a physical knob to a browser extension, AmpDamp translates the gestures of turning up (amplifying) and turning down (dampening) into a dynamic orchestration of the ìvolumeî of a userís social media feed. By focusing on issues of granularity and temporality, we position polyphony as an entry point into incorporating the values of control and curation into learning experiences using social media.

<author> Josten, Nick; Kift, Jonathan; Trumble, Allison; Winter, Brigid
<title> The need for information gurus in online learning communities
<abstract> This study argues the need for So.cl to identify and promote information gurus within their online learning communities to aid informal learning and foster communication between communities.

<author> Gubbels, Michael; Yip, Jason; Kim, Jinyoung; Ahn, June
<title> Scientific INQuiry (SINQ): Social media for everyday science learning
<abstract> In this paper we describe SINQ, a prototype mobile social media (SM) application that utilizes social participation to guide learners through an everyday Scientific INQuiry process. The paper outlines the motivation for SINQ based on learning theories of scientific inquiry, the challenges associated with scientific inquiry learning within everyday settings, the design of SINQ to promote science inquiry, and the implications for design and learning with social media that we learned from this development experience.

<author> Miller, Andrew J.; Pasquini, Laura A.; Mills, Leila A.; Evans, Mark
<title> Towards a methodology of virtually augmenting a knowledge sharing community of practice: A case study of the local food system of Denton, Texas
<abstract> Observation, interviews, and a pilot study were conducted to identify requirements for social media to support knowledge sharing that will foster organization and growth of the Local Food System (LFS) in Denton, Texas. Due to lack of infrastructure, participants of this grassroots, self-organized, self-sustaining community of practice currently do not have access to physical or virtual space needed to share, retrieve, and archive LFS knowledge. Proposed system design and implementation will be based on completion of a mixed methods community study. Ethnographic techniques for a close-to-home investigation will examine how the existing LFS community operates. The goal is to design an unobtrusive LFS knowledge sharing social media site that is optimized for thoughtful archiving, accessible information retrieval, and lifelong community learning.

<author> Yue, Zhen; Jeng, Wei; Jiang, Jiepu; Han, Shuguang; He, Daqing
<title> UPitt iRiS Lab at iConference 2013 Social Media Expo: Search, share and learn the way you want
<abstract> -

<author> Goggins, Sean P.; Mascaro, Christopher; McDonald, Nora; Black, Alan; Valetto, Guiseppe
<title> Big social data for social and information scientists
<abstract> Our proposed workshop is focused on helping to build Big Social Data collection, management, analysis and visualization research competencies in the iSchool Community.

<author> Caragea, Cornelia; Giles, C. Lee; Torvik, Vetle I.; Rokach, Lior
<title> Computational Scientometrics: Theory and applications
<abstract> The field of Scientometrics is concerned with the analysis of science and scientific research. As science advances, scientists around the world continue to produce large numbers of research articles, which provide the technological basis for worldwide collection, sharing, and dissemination of scientific discoveries. Research ideas are generally developed based on high quality citations. Understanding how research ideas emerge, evolve, or disappear as a topic, what is a good measure of quality of published works, what are the most promising areas of research, how authors connect and influence each other, who are the experts in a field, what works are similar, and who funds a particular research topic are some of the major foci of the rapidly emerging field of Scientometrics. The workshop aims at bringing together researchers with diverse interdisciplinary backgrounds interested in mining large digital libraries and other relevant databases.

<author> Strasser, Carly; Donnelly, Martin; Lake, Sherry
<title> Data management planning: Where weíve been and where we are going next
<abstract> This workshop provides overview, analysis and opportunity for discussion of recent developments in data management planning policies and tools in the UK, US, and other countries. Organizers and speakers include representatives from DMP Tool (USA) and DMP Online (UK). We will first update attendees on current data management policies. We will then describe and discuss the current landscape of data management planning, including all relevant stakeholders (funders, institutions, publishers, and repositories). The second half of the workshop will be a facilitated discussion of the future of data management, with an emphasis on what services and materials will better enable good data stewardship practices among researchers.

<author> Fisher, Karen E.; Dresang, Eliza T.; Davis, Katie; Druin, Allison; Yardi, Sarita
<title> Digital youth workshop: Calling all designers, researchers, and policy makers
<abstract> Digital age youth has emerged as a focus of interest to researchers across many disciplines. iSchool researchers address youth through designing applications and writing code, policymaking, understanding youth behavior and resources in myriad situationsóincluding school, family, and neighborhoods. Despite the common interest in youth, iSchools have yet to come together as a field and move forward around a shared agenda. The goals of the 2013 workshop are to bring together researchers who are interested in digital youth and interested in being at the outset of a new digital youth community. The workshop will consist of one-minute ìlightningî presentations followed by an unConference format where participants come together around working groups of interest. The 2013 iSchool workshop is the first in a three-event effort to establish an iSchool voice as leaders on the international stage around promoting digital youth. The first event, iConference 2013, is aimed at drawing a diverse initial community that will further comprise a steering group to help plan the second event, a Digital Youth Summit 2014 (in Seattle) that will be sponsored and attract participants from industry, government, nonprofits, education, and media. The third event will return to the iConference 2015 for reporting out.

<author> Baron, Jason R.; Oard, Douglas W.
<title> Educating e-discovery litigation support professionals
<abstract> The past decade has seen explosive growth in a new type of information management challenge: supporting ìdiscoveryî of digital information held by one party in a civil lawsuit in response to a request posed by their counterparty in that suit. This so-called ìe-discoveryî task bears an outward resemblance to several other tasks with which we are familiar, including the provision of reference service in libraries, and the response by the US federal government to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests. It is different in one important way: in less than a decade, e-discovery exploded from being a niche business to being a multi-billion dollar industry that is now a substantial driver in the cost of civil litigation in the United States. Somewhat amazingly, no coherent approach to education of e-discovery litigation support professionals has yet emerged. This workshop aims to help fill that gap by generating serious and informed discussion among present (and hopefully also some future) iSchool faculty about the opportunities that arise in this context.

<author> Blake, Catherine; Stanton, Jeffrey M.; Saxenian, AnnaLee
<title> Filling the workforce gap in data science and data analytics
<abstract> The goal of this workshop is to provide a forum for iSchool faculty who are developing programs in data analytics, eScience, eResearch, big data, and cyberinfrastructure to discuss best practices with respect to preparing students to fill the workforce need for managers and analysts to analyze big data and make decisions based on their findings.

<author> Gant, Jon P.
<title> From iSchools to US Ignite: Strategies for fostering inclusive gigabit networks
<abstract> The goals of this interactive, half-day workshop are to raise awareness of the U.S. Ignite initiative and the opportunities it provides to collaborate among iSchools as well as communities. U.S. Ignite brings together high-speed broadband resources to create test beds at a national scale. The initiative uses the Global Environment for Network Innovation (GENI), an NSF-funded cloud network that provides a fast virtual laboratory to develop new applications to address societal needs in healthcare delivery, advanced manufacturing, education and work force development, economic development, disaster response, and energy use. How can iSchools help libraries play a leading role in building inclusive next-generation Internet applications and services? We will showcase specific applications from communities, including Chattanooga and Cleveland, and projects such as the Video Mosaic Collaborative at Rutgers University. Municipal and institutional variations generate distinct local strategies to increase social inclusion in the digital world.

<author> Paul, Deborah L.; Heidorn, P. Bryan; Best, Jason; Gilbert, Edward; Neill, Amanda; Nelson, Gil; Ulate, William
<title> Help iDigBio reveal hidden data: iDigBio Augmenting OCR working group needs you
<abstract> Integrated Digitized Biodiversity Collections, iDigBio, is funded under the National Science Foundation's (NSF) Advancing Digitization of Biological Collections (ADBC) program to help hundreds of natural history museums get specimen data out of millions of drawers and off of specimen labels into an integrated database for everyone. Over 130 museums are working together, funded as Thematic Collection Networks (TCNs), to capture standardized data to send to iDigBio's HUB, Home Uniting Biocollections cyberinfrastructure. Optical Character Recognition (OCR) and OCR output analysis play an important role in many museum object-to-image-to-data digitization workflows and are integral to several of the current TCN digitization projects. The iDigBio Augmenting OCR working group (AOCR) was formed to develop a multi-faceted approach to improvement of OCR strategies, including investigation of image segmentation, autocorrection of typographical errors, semantic autocorrection, autonormalization, automated text segmentation, generating consensus records, and user interfaces.

<author> Johnston, Erik; DeSouza, Kevin; Kelley, Tanya M.
<title> An introduction to policy informatics
<abstract> Policy informatics is inherently interactive and the workshop participants will have the opportunity to engage with each other and the material throughout. The workshop will cover four themes: 1) theories useful to understanding policy informatics, 2) information tools and changing norms in the public sector, 3) interactive simulations and models, and 4) participatory platforms - design, governance, and outcomes. There will be a presentation - interaction format for each theme, using cutting edge examples and activities occurring at all levels of government.

<author> Tammaro, Anna Maria; Casarosa, Vittore; Ross, Seamus; Moulaison, Heather; Weech, Terry; Lugya, Frederick K.
<title> iSchools building on the strengths found in the convergence of librarianship, archival, and museum studies to improve the education of managing digital collections
<abstract> The half day workshop will explore ways iSchools can participate in research and education relevant to the employment of information professionals in libraries, archives, and museums to provide access to and preservation of the collections held by these institutions. Presently, the education of information professionals for each of these institutions has primarily separate and diverse tracks and traditions. While some schools educating librarians do offer courses that include discussion of the application of library and information science skills to archival and museum collections, few offer full specializations in this area. Archival education has traditionally been based on degrees in history, but as the archival collections have utilized more digitalization to provide preservation and expand access to the content of collections, the need for staff with more knowledge of skills related to the preservation and expansion of access to archival collections has been recognized. Similar recognition of the importance of information profession skills is being recognized in museum studies, an area that in the past has depended on specialized subject discipline education coupled with an internship/apprenticeship-based training.

<author> Reynolds, Rebecca; Allen, Warren; Erickson, Ingrid; Ho, Shuyuan Mary; Howison, James; Schmidt, Ingbert
<title> Sociotechnical systems research: Defining, converging, and researching as a community
<abstract> The Consortium for the Science of Sociotechnical Systems (CSST) serves as a trans-discipline community, connecting like-minded scholars from many different intellectual communities. CSST brings together researchers from a wide range of disciplines to develop a common language and scholarly repertoire as we work to understand diverse sociotechnical issues. Researchers focus on improving human lives through understanding sociotechnical systems, conducting research on human activity such as collaboration, creativity, learning and economic production in domains like healthcare, education, science, leisure, and computing. This requires researchers to understand both social and technical aspects of human organization. This workshop supports continued advancement of definitions and boundaries in this area. We will engage in activities with established leaders as well as newcomers in this trans-discipline, to build understanding of factors that support the communityís cohesion, and, aim to leverage the diversity of the work being conducted by its members, to engender learning and research innovation.

<author> Acquisti, Alessandro; Mulligan, Deirdre Kathleen
<title> Special workshop on information privacy
<abstract> Over the past decade, social network sites have experienced dramatic growth in popularity. Once a youth-centric phenomena, the use of services like Facebook and Google+ now cross almost all demographics. With this growth, users have been challenged to manage novel privacy hurdles and negotiate nuanced balances between withholding and disclosing personal information. To date, however, no study has documented the evolution of disclosure and privacy behavior on popular social networking sites over an extended period of time. In this manuscript we use actual profile data from a longitudinal panel of 5,076 Facebook users to understand how their disclosure behavior changed between 2005 and 2011. Our findings suggest that 1) Facebook users in our dataset became increasingly protective of their personal information over time, limiting data shared with strangers; 2) changes effected by Facebook over the period of time under our observation, such as interface changes, arrested or in some cases inverted that trend; 3) over time, the amount and scope of personal information that Facebook users reveal to connected ìfriendsî profiles has increased dramaticallyñbut so have the disclosures to ìsilent listenersî on the network: third-party apps, Facebook itself, and (indirectly) advertisers.

