
<author> Bowman, Timothy David
<title> Backstage or Front Stage with YouTube
<abstract> This paper explores backstage behavior in videos found by searching for ìdrinking and pukingî on YouTube. A small sample of 10 videos was critiqued using the definition of backstage language behavior found in Goffmanís Presentation of Self in Everyday Life. The question examined is: Is there a blurring of the boundaries between front stage and backstage behavior in videos posted to YouTube? Three possibilities emerge from the research relating to boundary establishment in this mediation of social interaction by technology.

<author> Hinnant, Charles; McClure, Charles R.; Mandel, Lauren H.; Alemanne, Nicole
<title> Broadband Deployment as Technological Innovation: Assessing the Needs of Anchor Institutions
<abstract> High-speed broadband facilitates a vast number of beneficial applications such as voice over internet protocol (VoIP), streaming media, gaming, online government and business services, and other interactive services that require high data transmission rates. While high speed broadband is purported to lead ultimately to social and economic development, a coherent proactive national policy regarding the development and use of broadband infrastructure in rural and underserved areas has been slow to appear in the U.S. The FCCís recent mandate to develop a National Broadband Plan and the $7.2 billion in funds specified in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) for broadband deployment and build-out indicates a significant shift in federal government policy to supporting broadband deployment. As the federal funding increases, local community anchor institutions such as public libraries, schools, and medical facilities will be looked to as drivers of successful deployment and adoption of broadband to local communities. The purpose of this paper is to identify and discuss issues associated with large-scale technological innovations with emphasis on the widespread adoption of high-speed broadband by community anchor institutions. This will include the evaluation of and planning for broadband expansion and implementation. A case study of public libraries in Florida serves to highlight the means used to assess broadband adoption and implementation issues in community anchor institutions. By examining the factors that assist anchor institutions in deploying large-scale broadband projects, this paper also seeks to identify issues and opportunities for iSchools to play a role in assisting anchor institutions with successful deployment of broadband projects.

<author> Tsui, Chia-jung; Wang, Ping; Fleischmann, Kenneth R.; Sayeed, Asad B.; Weinberg, Amy
<title> Building an IT Taxonomy with Co-occurrence Analysis, Hierarchical Clustering, and Multidimensional Scaling
<abstract> Different information technologies (ITs) are related in complex ways. How can the relationships among a large number of ITs be described and analyzed in a representative, dynamic, and scalable way? In this study, we employed co-occurrence analysis to explore the relationships among 50 information technologies discussed in six magazines over ten years (1998-2007). Using hierarchical clustering and multidimensional scaling, we have found that the similarities of the technologies can be depicted in hierarchies and two-dimensional plots, and that similar technologies can be classified into meaningful categories. The results imply reasonable validity of our approach for understanding technology relationships and building an IT taxonomy. The methodology that we offer not only helps IT practitioners and researchers make sense of numerous technologies in the iField but also bridges two related but thus far largely separate research streams in iSchools - information management and IT management.

<author> Zhang, Jian; Chen, Chaomei
<title> Collaboration in an Open Data eScience: A Case Study of Sloan Digital Sky Survey
<abstract> Current science and technology has produced more and more publically accessible scientific data. However, little is known about how the open data trend impacts a scientific community, specifically in terms of its collaboration behaviors. This paper aims to enhance our understanding of the dynamics of scientific collaboration in the open data eScience environment via a case study of co-author networks of an active and highly cited open data project, called Sloan Digital Sky Survey. We visualized the co-authoring networks and measured their properties over time at three levels: author, institution, and country levels. We compared these measurements to a random network model and also compared results across the three levels. The study found that 1) the collaboration networks of the SDSS community transformed from random networks to small-world networks; 2) the number of author-level collaboration instances has not changed much over time, while the number of collaboration instances at the other two levels has increased over time; 3) pairwise institutional collaboration become common in recent years. The open data trend may have both positive and negative impacts on scientific collaboration.

<author> Gould, Elizabeth A.; Gomez, Ricardo
<title> Community Engagement & Infomediaries: challenges facing libraries, telecentres and cybercafÈs in developing countries
<abstract> Effective infomediaries and community engagement can produce a successful environment to service information needs for underserved populations. This paper analyzes data from libraries, telecentres and cybercafÈs in 25 developing countries, to assess how infomediaries and community engagement help support the social mission of venues that offer public access to information and communication technologies (ICT). Our results show that while infomediaries and community engagement are critical to facilitate access to information for underserved communities, cybercafÈs are thriving as public access venues without very strong infomediaries or community engagement, and yet they are perceived as being well staffed and serving community needs. Telecentres and, in particular, libraries, face a particular challenge to fulfill their social mission in the face of the proliferation of cybercafÈs: they must provide access to ICT, train their staff to be digitally literate and able to support the ICT needs of their communities, and ensure that their community engagement activities include ICT as part of their tools and services.

<author> Benardou, Agiatis; Constantopoulos, Panos; Dallas, Costis; Gavrilis, Dimitris
<title> A Conceptual Model for Scholarly Research Activity
<abstract> This paper presents a conceptual model for scholarly research activity, developed as part of the conceptual modelling work within the ìPreparing DARIAHî European e-Infrastructures project. It is inspired by cultural-historical activity theory, and is expressed in terms of the CIDOC Conceptual Reference Model, extending its notion of activity so as to also account, apart from historical practice, for scholarly research planning. It is intended as a framework for structuring and analyzing the results of empirical research on scholarly practice and information requirements, encompassing the full research lifecycle of information work and involving both primary evidence and scholarly objects; also, as a framework for producing clear and pertinent information requirements, and specifications of digital infrastructures, tools and services for scholarly research. We plan to use the model to tag interview transcripts from an empirical study on scholarly information work, and thus validate its soundness and fitness for purpose.

<author> Grudin, Jonathan Thomas
<title> Conferences, Community, and Technology: Avoiding a Crisis
<abstract> Computer Science in North America has embarked on a course unique in academic scholarship. It has turned conferences into repositories of polished work, little of which ever evolves into journal articles. Senior researchers feel that the conferences are in crisis. I consider the origins and consequences of the shift to conferences, concluding that it has led to an evolutionary cul-de-sac that the Information field would do well to avoid. The crisis is described as centered on reviewing, but it is at heart a crisis of community.

<author> Urban, Richard J.; Twidale, Michael B.; Adamczyk, Piotr D.
<title> Cultural Heritage Information Dashboards
<abstract> Large-scale aggregations of digital collections from libraries, archives and museums offer users unprecedented access to cultural heritage materials. But they also have failed to incorporate important contextual information that allows users to develop an understanding of the significant features of purposebuilt collections. This paper explores the development of information dashboard prototypes that provide users a high-level overview of cultural heritage collections. Two case studies using rapid-prototyping methodologies are presented.

<author> Harvey, Ross
<title> Curation in the Curriculum: Equipping the Profession to Ensure the Preservation of Information
<abstract> This paper proposes a new area of professional practice based on preservation, required in the LIS profession because of changes in the ways that libraries operate and of changes in education for librarianship, as exemplified by the iSchools paradigm. It notes the significant similarities between analog preservation and digital preservation, and proposes these as the basis for new curriculum for a curatorial stream.

<author> Scialdone, Michael John; Zhang, Ping
<title> Deconstructing Motivations of ICT Adoption and Use: A Theoretical Model and its Application to Social ICT
<abstract> This paper begins by presenting a case that models of behavioral intention do not provide insight into the core needs of human beings, and as such, cannot inform designers as to what types of ICT features and functions might help meet usersí ICT adoption rationale. We review various motivational concepts across different disciplines. We then present a theoretical model of motivation that encapsulates the process from primitive basic human needs, to the formation and attainment of a specific endstate. We use a real life scenario to show the modelís explanatory power. We end by discussing potential implementations of this model into the study of ICTs.

<author> Wolske, Martin; Williams, Noelle Sheree; Noble, Safiya; Johnson, Eric O.; Duple, Robin Yoerger
<title> Effective ICT use for Social Inclusion
<abstract> Access to information and communications technology (ICT) is considered important for individuals to fully achieve educational and economic development goals. In fact, ICT access has become so important that the lack of it has been termed the digital divide. To combat the digital divide, community-based computing centers were created as a vital first step to provide physical access to ICT. Commonly known as Community Technology Centers (CTCs) or Telecentres, these publicly accessible labs are providing a valuable means for the diffusion of technology in underserved communities. The meaningful digital divide, however, is whether individuals can fully participate in society. Access to tools like computers and the Internet are only the first step toward effective social inclusion. Furthermore, if the tools become the focus, and we look exclusively at diffusion of technology to address the digital divide, then we make compromises in implementation that never address other, equally important, issues. If public computing facilities such as CTCs are to make the transition from facilities fostering diffusion of technology to community centers empowering citizens through effective use of ICT as citizen professionals such as citizen scientists, citizen planners, and citizen journalists, it is necessary to revisit implementations of technology within these spaces; this may mean creating a new framework for how computers and other ICTs are set up for use in CTCs and Telecentres. Techniques used by African-American marketing agencies as well as successful non-profit organizations that implement grassroots campaigns can teach us a lot about designing compelling experiences that attract audiences.

<author> Qin, Jian
<title> Empirically assessing impact of scholarly research
<abstract> The impact of scholarly research can be manifested in many different ways, but conventional citation measures are often used to evaluate research impact without distinction. This paper attempts to analyze the misconception about what research impact is and what exactly citation data measures or cannot measure for impact. The author proposes a framework of impact assessment, in which research output makes intellectual, technological, and societal impact through knowledge diffusion. The extent of knowledge diffusion, adoption of technology and practices, and benefits from adoption constitute the overall impact of research. Although still in its preliminary form, the framework offers a more holistic view on the composite of research impact.

<author> Jackson, Steven James; Ribes, David; Buyuktur, Ayse
<title> Exploring Collaborative Rhythm: Temporal Flow and Alignment in Collaborative Scientific Work
<abstract> Recent studies of large-scale distributed practice in the sciences and elsewhere have taught us important things about space and place as props and barriers to distributed collective action, but they have had relatively less to say about time. This paper offers a typology of collaborative rhythms and argues for the importance of temporal alignment as a neglected but crucial element underpinning distributed collective practice in the sciences (and we believe other spheres of distributed collective activity). Specifically, we argue that joint scientific work is organized around four separate and potentially dissonant temporal registers, or ërhythmsí ñ phenomenal, organizational, biographical, and infrastructural ñ and that efforts to align such rhythms constitute an important and under-recognized aspect of collaborative work. The ideas and examples are drawn from the authorsí own field studies around IT infrastructure (ëcyberinfrastructureí) and collaborative practices across a range of scientific fields.

<author> Ngamassi, Louis-Marie; Zhao, Kang; Maldonado, Edgar; Maitland, Carleen; Tapia, Andrea
<title> Exploring Motives for Collaboration within a Humanitarian Inter-Organizational Network
<abstract> While in recent years research has highlighted the rise of inter-organizational collaboration among humanitarian organizations/agencies in the nonprofit sector and has documented issues related to the forming and maintaining of these relationships, there is little known about their motives of collaboration. In this paper, we examine collaboration relationships among organizations/agencies member of a community of interest in humanitarian information exchange. The social network block-model method was used to analyze collaboration network data. Six strongly connected clusters were identified in the community. Evaluating reported reasons for these collaborations, it was found that the two main motivations are relational characteristics, which interestingly are the most and least reported reasons in two of the most densely connected clusters of relationships. These findings suggest that it is important to determine the different reasons for humanitarian - inter-organizational relationships if one is to understand the various patterns of collaboration within inter-organizational networks.

<author> Wu, Dan; He, Daqing
<title> Exploring the Further Integration of Machine Translation in Multilingual Information Access
<abstract> Machine Translation (MT) has been identified as a very important related technology for Multilingual Information Access (MLIA). Over the past decade, the usages of MT in MLIA are still largely concentrated on its capabilities for document translation, selection and examination. In this paper, by using a common evaluation framework, we explored the applications of MT in several unexplored or underexplored areas, which include query translation, relevance feedback, and out of vocabulary term resolution. Our experimental results demonstrate the unique contributions that MT can provide in those areas, and at the same time raise more interesting questions about how MT can be optimally integrated with MLIA.

<author> Moen, William E.; Huang, Jane; McCotter, Melody J.
<title> Extraction and parsing of herbarium specimen data: Exploring the use of the Dublin core application profile framework
<abstract> Herbaria around the world house millions of plant specimens; botanists and other researchers value these resources as ingredients in biodiversity research. Even when the specimen sheets are digitized and made available online, the critical information about the specimen stored on the sheet are not in a usable (i.e., machine-processible) form. This paper describes a current research and development project that is designing and testing high-throughput workflows that combine machine- and human-processes to extract and parse the specimen label data. The primary focus of the paper is the metadata needs for the workflow and the creation of the structured metadata records describing the plant specimen. In the project, we are exploring the use of the new Dublin Core Metadata Initiative framework for application profiles. First articulated as the Singapore Framework for Dublin Core Application Profiles in 2007, the use of this framework is in its infancy. The promises of this framework for maximum interoperability and for documenting the use of metadata for maximum reusability, and for supporting metadata applications that are in conformance with Web architectural principles provide the incentive to explore and add implementation experience regarding this new framework.

<author> Knezek, Gerald; Christensen, Rhonda R.; Tyler-Wood, Tandra; Lim, Okyoung; Neaville, William E.
<title> Going Green with IT: A Study of Energy Consumption by Home and School Information Technology Systems in the College of Information at the University of North Texas
<abstract> This paper addresses the strategies introduced by the College of Information at the University of North Texas to monitor and begin implementing approaches to enable the college to move toward the universityís strategic goal of becoming a climate-neutral, ìGreen Universityî [3]. Data based on monitoring selected office and home inventories of information technology equipment were used to generate estimated production-level use and standby (vampire) consumption of electrical energy. Sample-based estimations and projections regarding 2008 to 2009 progress indicate that that the College of Information at the University of North Texas has made extensive progress over one year in reducing the energy consumed by its information technology systems. New computer and printer systems have greater processing power and capabilities but consume no more power than the ones they replace, when in full operation. The computer systems consume one-half to one-third (and in some cases oneseventh) the power of the previous systems when in 'sleepí, 'hibernate' or 'shut down' states that qualify for the standard definition of consuming stand by power. The authors estimate that these actions have brought the college at least halfway toward its five-year goal of becoming climate neutral, during the first year of the initiative.

<author> Martens, Betsy Van der Veer
<title> The Impact of Outliers: Practice Theory and Bibliometrics
<abstract> This comparative case study explores the impact of four ìpractice theoriesî in the separate domains of finance, military strategy, nursing, and theology, and discusses potential ìoutputsî in each field that might be developed into new metrics to enrich the current practice of informetrics.

<author> Wang, Yang; Mainwaring, Scott
<title> Incentives in the Wild: Leveraging Virtual Currency to Sustain Online Community
<abstract> The importance of incentive mechanisms has long been recognized in sustaining online communities. However, many existing community systems have rigid systemimposed incentive mechanisms that preclude user appropriations of the incentives. We draw upon recent investigations of the role of virtual currency (VC), a form of incentive, in a vibrant online community in order to highlight emergent practices that were enabled, facilitated and manifested through exchanges of virtual currency among users. Our study shows evidence that these user appropriations of VC help sustain the community and fulfill usersí broader needs on these systems.

<author> Williams, Kate
<title> The informatics moment: Grassrooting the space of flows in an urban branch library
<abstract> Preliminary results of a study of how cybernavigators work to support patrons using computers and the internet in public library locations in the context of a surge in unemployment. Conceptualizes the informatics moment as compared to the reference interview conceptualized 40 years ago, and uses multiple methods to point to informatics moment success and what influences it.

<author> Monarch, Ira Alan; Rosenthal, Sheila; Callison, Rachel
<title> The Role of Informatics in Software Engineering: Literature Reviews, Agenda and Software Informatics
<abstract> Literature reviews have been and are increasingly being merged with semi-automatic versions of bibliometrics and text analytics to extend library capabilities in the direction of performing informatics. Such extended capabilities allow special libraries to move in the direction of supporting and even performing informatic functions for bioinformatics or medical informatics. Recently a new subfield of informatics, software informatics, has been discussed that opens informatic opportunities for software engineering special libraries. The paper discusses a software engineering library that is using informatic techniques to support characterizations of customer demand landscapes that inform software engineering agenda. Sources analyzed go beyond published periodical literature to include organizational reports like budget justifications and, potentially, use of web harvesting. It is proposed that this use of informatic techniques is part of software informatics and because of the potential impact on how software is developed and used, may be part of software engineering as well.

<author> Tsai, Tien-I
<title> Information horizons of Taiwanese graduate students
<abstract> The information horizon is an imaginary field that users position their information sources according to their perceived importance. Previous research investigated Internet usersí information horizons and pointed out that the information source accessibility and quality play an important role in the information horizons and orient peopleís information seeking behavior. This study examined how the perceived source accessibility and perceived source quality influence Taiwanese graduate students positioning their information sources in their information horizons. The study aims to examine the influence of perceived source accessibility and quality on studentsí information horizons, and to examine the differences of information horizons among students from different disciplines. Two methods were employed to collect data: the information horizon map drawn by Taiwanese graduate students and interviews with those students. Nine Taiwanese graduate students at University of Wisconsin-Madison were recruited. Results showed that all students tend to include more information sources in the center (most preferable) than the peripheral zone (least preferable) on their information horizon map. However, students from humanities and social sciences included more information sources in their information horizons than students from sciences did. Contrary to previous information horizon research on everyday information seeking behavior, this study showed that despite the fact that graduate students from all disciplines preferred information sources with high accessibility, they also considered quality as an important factor. Future research may focus on a specific concept of information horizons, such as social networks, and include different groups of International students and compare with their American counterparts to learn more about studentsí information horizons under research contexts among disciplines and cultures.

<author> Weisberg, Mitchell
<title> Innovative
<abstract> We are now in the second wave of information technology disruption in the media industry, or more specifically, of digital technology fundamentally transforming our information industries: communications, music, media, publishing and the industries that have grown up around those media. In this paper we will be examining one aspect of the nascent electronic readers (eReaders) disruption of the publishing industry. We will focus on the university textbook (eTextbook) segment. We will examine the impact of eReaders on the university classroom and how they create the opportunities for innovative techniques in the classroom which enrich the students learning experience and provide students with a broader experiential learning environment than was previously possible. In the Sawyer Business School, Suffolk University, Department of Strategy and International Business, Boston, MA, a section of the strategic management class students are exploring the technology disruption and industry response in the book publishing market. They are focusing particularly on the textbook segment of the market which is being significantly disrupted by the advent and influx of electronic readers and digital textbooks. The class, Management Strategy 429 is the capstone course at the Sawyer Business School. Mitchell Weisberg teaches a section of the course with a focus on business and industry responses to disruptive technologies. Weisberg is bringing innovation to the classroom through the use of digital readers and eTextbooks to create a ìLive Case Studyî in information technology industry disruption. These innovations enhance the teaching to make this an experiential learning environment and practical, hands-on experience for the management students in the class.

<author> Ho, Shuyuan Mary; Song, Min; Bieber, Michael; Koppel, Eric; Hamidullah, Vahid; Bokota, Pawel
<title> IntegraL: An Effective Link-based Federated Search Infrastructure
<abstract> This research provides a new means for making digital library services interoperable. IntegraL facilitates a virtual restructuring of public web spaces and services, with authenticated digital libraries into broad ?federated? digital library spaces constructed from numerous interrelationships. Elements reside within a rich context of meta-information that helps users understand and work with them. This provides a ripe environment for organizations and individual people to develop small, specialized collections and services, which automatically become part of the federated space and accessible to those they can benefit. IntegraL extends the boundaries of how we think about and interact with digital libraries.

<author> Gomez, Ricardo
<title> Inviting Success: Lessons from public access computing experiences around the world
<abstract> This paper presents findings from a comparative study of libraries, telecentres, and cybercafÈs in 25 countries around the world (and is part of a larger study in Latin America, Africa & the Middle East, South & Southeast Asia, and Eastern Europe); it focuses particularly on the factors that contribute to the centresí success across countries and types of centres. We clustered the results into five key success factors for public access computing: (1) understand and take care of local needs first,(2) build alliances with other venues, (3) collaborate with other media and community services, (4) strengthen sustainability, (5) train infomediaries and users. Taken individually, these factors are not new, as evidenced in the literature in the field. The value of these findings is their presentation together as a result of comparative research across multiple countries and different types of public access centres. This study provides strong validation that these five success factors are critical variables to be considered in policy decisions and program implementation. They also provide valuable direction for future research to explore each of the issues in more detail.

<author> Warren, Scott Joseph
<title> Leveraging PBL and Game to Redesign an Introductory Computer Applications Course
<abstract> The purpose of this paper is to discuss one instructional design that leverages problem-based learning and game structures as a means of developing innovative higher education courses for students as responsive, lived experiences. This paper reviews a curricular redesign that stemmed from the evaluation of an introductory course in computer applications that had high drop, failure, and withdrawal (D/F/W) rates. Interviews with students and faculty in this course revealed that students were not engaged with, motivated by, or satisfied with the instructional methods, which were often frustrating and difficult to navigate. Using data collected from students and faculty, we describe the full redesign of the course, which included ill-structured problems for students to solve, multiple forms of learning assessment, and a contextual framing stemming from a digital, alternate reality game design. When comparing the new design to the original, the first iteration research indicated decreased failure rates, increased achievement on standardized assessments, and a range of individual student experiences from high praise of the design to some disappointment.

<author> Fonseca, Fred; Martin, James; Davis, Clodoveu; Camara, Gilberto
<title> Making an IMPACT on the environment: Sustainability Science and the I-School Movement
<abstract> Understanding how the environment is changing, in a global scale is one of the most important research questions of today. The sheer variety of areas of knowledge required to tackle this question is so great that only a solid interdisciplinary approach can succeed. Sustainability science aims at doing so staying at the intersection of more traditional research areas. The idea behind sustainability science is to develop ways to understand, integrate, and model the interaction between nature and society. The I-School movement is important for that purpose, considering its nature as a source of integration between diverse disciplines and research areas. Focusing mainly on modeling the interactions between nature and society, we opted to use a philosophical point of view to understand the implication s of putting together in a single model society and nature. We used Kant?s view of man as phenomena (belonging to nature, being completely causally determined) and as noumena (human being as being free, as a thing in itself) to frame our discussion on how to build models that include both views. We also discuss the problem of integrating opposing views, such as society and nature, in a model, the Tower of Babel problem. We also discuss a common solution to this problem, the Newspeak solution, which is achieved through the imposition of a common ontology to which users are required to conform if they wish to participate at all. Looking for an integration of society and nature in modeling, we tie Gadamer?s notion of Play to self-organization as a way to balance, within a single model, two contrary positions. Finally we conclude that a dialogue of clashing views can be held together without devolving into chaos, in which a contradiction implies all propositions, usually thought to be the consequence of bringing together inconsistent positions. This solution points beyond the either/or that is central to the Tower of Babel/Newspeak dilemma. The I-School movement has a unique opportunity to be the place where these discussions occur.

<author> Radford, Marie L.; Connaway, Lynn Silipigni
<title> (Measuring Research Impact) ìI Stay Away from the Unknown, I Guess,î Measuring Impact and Understanding Critical Factors for Millennial Generation and Adult Non-Users of Virtual Reference Services
<abstract> This paper reports results from a large, international grant-supported project to study the evaluation of live chat virtual reference services (VRS) from user, non-user, and librarian perspectives. It focuses on results from two phases of the research, online surveys and telephone interviews for non-users. Non-users were defined as those who had never used VRS, but may be using Instant Messaging (IM) or chat for social or business purposes and may also be users of physical or digital libraries). VRS non-users completed 184 online surveys and 107 telephone interviews featuring quantitative and qualitative questions. The team used descriptive statistics for quantitative data and grounded theme analyses and the Critical Incident Technique (CIT) for qualitative data. Findings indicate that although accuracy and correct answers and the delivery of specific content were reported as the most important factors of successful reference interactions, non-users of VRS also value librarians who are knowledgeable about information sources and systems, display a positive attitude, and demonstrate good communication skills. Differences in communication and information seeking behaviors were found between Millennials and older adults. A personal relationship with a librarian was more important to Millennials who also valued the librarians? friendliness and politeness in interpersonal communications more than adults. A greater number of adults than Millennials believed that chat reference would be too complicated; therefore, chose not to use it. Results have implications for system development, improving VR practice, and for theory development.

<author> Bar-Ilan, Judit
<title> Measuring research impact: A first approximation of the achievements of the iSchools in ISIís information and library science category ñ An exploratory study
<abstract> In this paper, we analyze those publications of the home institutes of the iSchools that are indexed by Thomson Reuters (ISI) Web of Science in the information science and library science category, and were published between 2000 and 2009.

<author> Mayernik, Matthew S.
<title> Metadata Realities for Cyberinfrastructure: Data Authors as Metadata Creators
<abstract> Cyberinfrastructure systems for digital data will depend on effective ways of creating and sharing metadata. In distributed scientific collaborations, creating and collecting metadata is a significant challenge. Metadata creation is often an unfunded mandate. We present a preliminary study of metadata creation by data authors in a large science and technology research center. We asked researchers to create metadata using the Dublin Core-based metadata fields for inclusion in a center-wide metadata repository. The results of our pilot test indicate that data authors face a number of challenges in creating metadata, including organizing group vs. individual knowledge, adapting an unfamiliar metadata scheme to the specifics of their project, and drawing boundaries between data sets.

<author> Eugene, Wanda; Gilbert, Juan E.; Gilbert, Juan E.
<title> Mining for Culture: Reaching Out of Range
<abstract> The goal of this paper is to present a tool that will sustain the development of culturally relevant computing artifacts by providing an effective means of detecting culture identities and cultures of participation. Culturally relevant designs rely heavily on how culture impacts design and though the guidelines for producing culturally relevant objects provide a mechanism for incorporating culture in the design, there still requires an effective method for garnering and identifying said cultures that reflects a holistic view of the target audience. This tool presents culturally relevant designs as a process of communicating with key audiences and thus bridging people and technology in a way that once seemed out of range.

<author> Hu, Xiao
<title> Music and Mood: Where Theory and Reality Meet
<abstract> The affective aspect of music, often referred as music mood or emotion, has been recently recognized as an important factor in organizing and accessing music information. However, music mood is far from being well studied in information science. For example, there is no consensus on whether to use mood or emotion to refer the affective aspect of music. Also, the lack of consensus on music mood categories in the Music Information Retrieval (MIR) community makes it difficult to compare classification approaches developed in different laboratories. On the other hand, there is a rich literature in music psychology that has addressed many of the issues MIR researchers want to know. This research reviews theories in music psychology and summarizes fundamental insights that can help MIR researchers in interpreting music mood. In order to investigate whether classic theories are still applicable to todayís reality of music listening environment, this study also derives a set of music mood categories from social tags, using a combination of linguistic resources and human expertise, and compares it to music mood categories in psychological theories. The results verify that there are common grounds between theoretical music mood models and the reality of music listening, but theoretical models do not cover all mood categories emerged from social tags and thus need to be modified to better fit the reality of music listening.

<author> Wei, Qin; Heidorn, P. Bryan; Freeland, Chris
<title> Name Matters: Taxonomic Name Recognition (TNR) in Biodiversity Heritage Library (BHL)
<abstract> Taxonomic Name Recognition is prerequisite for more advanced processing and mining of full-text taxonomic literatures. This paper investigates three issues of current TNR tools in detail: (1) The difficulties and methods used in TNRs. (2) The performance of Optical Character Recognition (OCR) and TNR tools by samples from Biodiversity Heritage Library (BHL). (3) The methods for potential improvement. We found that the performances of current TNR techniques need to be improved. A detailed error analysis reveals that sublanguage characteristics account for much of the error. A preliminary experiment using NaiveBayes (NB) models shows the potential of using machine learning (ML) in TNR.

<author> Page, Xinru W.; Kobsa, Alfred
<title> Navigating the Social Terrain with Google Latitude
<abstract> Although researchers have been building location-based social services for some time now, sharing oneís location has only recently been introduced to the more general population. This paper examines real-world adoption of and resistance to Google Latitude, a social mobile-device application for people to share their locations. We report findings from an analysis of semistructured interviews with 21 participants using grounded theory. Our research reveals how interviewees perceive the social affordances of location-sharing applications to be conceptually intertwined with the conventions of other social networking and communication technologies; Our findings emphasize that many participants felt pressured to not only adopt social applications such as location-sharing, but also to be responsive and accessible at all times. Participants perceived technology-mediated social interactions (such as ìfriendingî someone) as highly symbolic, and as problematic if they did not strictly adhere to the established social etiquette. We also found that participantsí perception of the social norms around using Latitude varied widely, affecting how and whether participants used the system.

<author> Barzilai-Nahon, Karine; Mason, Robert M.
<title> Net Generation in Organizations: Perceptions and Strategies
<abstract> This paper reports on an exploratory study of how executives in organizations perceive the entrance of the ìnet generationî into the workplace. We approached this question by collecting data from interviews, focus groups, and an online survey. The paper discusses the different organizational mechanisms and strategies executives use to address perceived tensions as the Net Generation enters the workforce. Particularly, we discuss executivesí preference for top-down strategies and their tendency to address the triad of technology-values-behavior as separate components instead of a unified concept.

<author> Pal, Joyojeet
<title> Of mouse and men: Computers and geeks as cinematic icons in age of ICTD
<abstract> Since the early 2000s, Information and Communications Technology for Development (ICTD) has rapidly gained attention as an emerging area of scholarship as information schools increasingly diversify their interests into issues of socio-technical systems and technology adoption issues in the developing world. Research in ICTD while vibrant, has been largely restricted to issues around the use of information technologies towards a range of activities including eGovernance, computer-based learning, agricultural information systems. In this article, we turn to the under-researched discourse of technology in the developing world to probing at the a rather heretical questions of why people living in various forms of deprivation find hope for economic and social development in technology. Our starting point in this research is the outcomes of 196 interviews among rural Indians with no primary experience with technology, but a great deal of enthusiasm about using or training their children to use computers. We found that this enthusiasm about technology was primarily based on secondary sources of information, a large part of which was cinematic representation of computers and computer users in local movies. Investigating this in popular Indian film, we find a visible positive and highly aspirational discourse of technology both in the representation of technology users and the artifacts themselves, such as laptops or the internet, a trend particularly evident on comparison with western cinema. To discuss the issue of intentionality in this trend, we interview leading filmmakers in India and find that unconscious absorption of social aspiration into the scripting, and significant intent into the use of computers and computer users as symbols of modernity that filmmakers feel Indian audiences respond positively to. We propose that the use of India as a case for broader examination is important on two levels. First, regionally, India is a ëleaderí in the ICTD movement both because of the symbolic value of its software sector despite the co-existing underdevelopment and also because it is home to a range of ICT-based initiatives aimed at bringing about developmental outcomes. Secondly, from the perspective of the future of ICTD within information studies, the role of media, especially popular film, in the construction of knowledge about technology is an important and under-researched area that this article seeks to take forth.

<author> Saab, David J.
<title> The Ontology of Tags
<abstract> Social bookmarking sites such as Flickr, del.icio.us, and CiteULike have adopted folksonomic systems where users tag entities with keywords. These tagging systems replace traditional taxonomic systems that employ hierarchical categorization schemes. While there are some differences in how these tagging systems are constructed, e.g., as broad or narrow folksonomies, there has been confusion as to whether tagging constitutes a collaborative activity or a collective one. The distinction between collaborative and collective influences the theoretical assumptions upon which research is conducted. Researchers have adopted a semiotic theoretical perspective as an avenue for discerning emergent semantics of folksonomies. If tagging systems are to be useful to social media or semantic technologies, if we are to indeed discern the semantics emergent from folksonomies, then we need to understand the ontology of tags. This paper examines some of the fundamental ontological assumptions regarding tagging and folksonomies.

<author> Bates, Marcia J.
<title> An operational definition of the information disciplines
<abstract> The author and Mary Niles Maack set out to develop the content for an up-to-date edition of an encyclopedia intended to cover all the major information disciplines in an integrated fashion. This effort arose from the belief that all the i-disciplines have core interests in common, and that the commonality needs to be brought out in the structure, organization, and content of the encyclopediaó without denying the inherent differences between the fields as well. This plan led to four years of effort in designing the encyclopedia, recruiting authors for its entries, and organizing the resulting array of entries in a classification that reflects the major topical areas of the information disciplines. The resulting design of the encyclopedia can be seen as an operational definition of the i-disciplines. The design effort and its results are described.

<author> Ortiz, Julio Angel
<title> Re-Gaming the Digital Divide: Broadband, MMOGs and U.S. Latinos
<abstract> Using a socio-technical theoretical lens, this paper delineates and defends the claim that access to broadband-enabled serious computer games is necessary to bridging the digital divide. Most of the research of videogames tends to focus on the potential psycho-behavioral impacts of this industry on society without regard for the unique social, cultural, and economic contexts of disenfranchised life. More specifically, little research examines how U.S. Latinos will access, consume, and use, in their daily lives, knowledge gained from serious massively multiplayer online games (MMOGs) via broadband. This void presents us with a critical moment for this research to take place and crucial theoretical and methodological problems. Latinos do not simply use videogames for entertainment or distraction. To adequately analyze and evaluate access to ICT like videogames via broadband, we must consider the larger structural and institutional forces, notably the cultural and social framework, i.e. social community informatics and socialshaping theory. Such a multidimensional perspective would help reveal the structural factors associated with Latinosí appropriation of videogames, and more interestingly how their experiences in the virtual world of videogames alters their perceptions of their real-life physical world.

<author> Frix, Michele Maureen; Pal, Joyojeet; Neff, Phil
<title> Reclaiming public spaces: Issues of visibility in ICT training for persons with disabilities in Latin America
<abstract> As technology becomes more and more ubiquitous in the workplace and within social interactions, interest in the role of technology for the disabled has increasedófirst, in accessible design of technology itself, and second in the role of technology to enable people with disabilities to more fully participate in society. While work regarding accessible technology and disability has been conducted, it has been quite limited to developed countries. In this paper, we examine the use and perceived value of computer training centers throughout Latin America in order to understand how these services fit within the larger issues around employability and socio-economic exclusion of people with disabilities in society. We draw from in-depth research conducted with computer center users as part of the Organization of American Statesí POETA program in Mexico, Guatemala, Ecuador and Venezuela, as well as contrast such technical services with Colombian libraries which have sought to increase accessible technical services as a means of including people with disabilities in the broader public sphere. Using interviews with program and library administrators and users with disabilities, we explore the impacts of such training courses on employability, socio-economic exclusion of people with disabilities, and visibility of persons with disabilities in society. We find that libraries are a key point of discussion of the provision of technical training for people with disabilities when considering the perception that libraries are neutral, ìsafe spacesî in society which could allow for creating greater institutional awareness regarding the rights of people with disabilities.

<author> Schwieder, David W.
<title> Motivated Information Behavior
<abstract> While motivation is recognized as central to various as- pects of information behavior, motives remain surpris- ingly underemphasized in information behavior research. Major theories focus almost exclusively on other psy- chological elements, primarily cognition, while studies of motivation have been limited or absent in a variety of important respects. In this paper, I suggest that a stronger emphasis on motives is warranted. Drawing on recent trends in social psychology research, I argue that a "motivated information behavior" approach can o er a variety of bene ts: it can improve our explanations of information behavior, unify disparate research areas, and illuminate some of the mechanisms underlying important information behavior phenomena.

<author> La Barre, Kathryn A.; Tilley, Carol L.
<title> A Sense of Wonder: Enhancing Access to Folktales through Task and Facet Analysis
<abstract> Discusses the approach taken in Phase 1 of a three-phase project Folktales, Facets and FRBR [funded by a grant from OCLC/ALISE]. This project works with the special collection of folktales at the Center for Childrenís Books (CCB) at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and the scholars who use this collection. The project aims to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of folktale access through deep understanding of user needs. Phase 1 included facet analysis of the bibliographic records for a sample of 100 folktale books in the CCB, and task analysis of interviews with four CCB-affiliated faculty. Describes the information tasks, information seeking obstacles, and desired features for a discovery and access tool related to folktales for this initial group of scholarly users of folktales.

<author> Lyons, Kelly A.
<title> Service Science in iSchools
<abstract> In this paper, we argue that the discipline of service science, in search of an academic home, is ideally situated within an iSchool curriculum and research community. We describe the features and expectations of the emerging field of service science and the skills identified as important for service scientists, and compare them to the features and expectations of iSchools along with skills important for information professionals. We present results of a systematic review of iSchool universities by identifying which faculties, schools or departments in those universities are pursuing courses, programs, and research in service science and demonstrate that most of the effort today is taking place from within business schools or engineering departments. We then discuss the opportunities, impact, and benefits of situating service science research and education programs within iSchools, thereby arguing why iSchools provide an ideal environment for the study of service science.

<author> Du, Yunfei
<title> Serving Llibrary users from low-income communities: Promoting digital literacy to eSociety
<abstract> This study investigated the inclusion of low-income community users by surveying digital information literacy, in term of their attitudes toward electronic media and Internet-based reading. Two hundred thirty-eight public library users from ethnic diverse communities participated in this survey. Younger readers found reading online as easy as reading print books, while older library users preferred print media. Lower-income users were able to access the Internet mainly from libraries and reported slightly positively to online reading. Reading attitudes toward digital resources by residents of poorer urban communities did not vary by gender, contrary to common sense that women outread men. The implications of this result are explored; for example, being unemployed may allow underrepresented and minority users supplemental time for leisure reading. This study suggests approaches for iSchools and graduates to service diverse communities, promote digital information literacy, and bridge digital divide in information society.

<author> Chee, Brant
<title> Sickness and health: Homophily in online health forums
<abstract> This work explores the link between health and social relations by creating an automated metric of similarity of positive or negative affect (sentiment) between peers in online health forums. We analyze textual communication between peers and demonstrate that those who communicate often have similar average sentiment scores. Sentiment is the authorís immediate affective state, their positive or negative orientation. We hypothesize that average sentiment over time indicates overall happiness or sadness as similar analysis has been utilized to identify depression and depression at risk college students. These results follow the analysis of Framingham study data demonstrating that happy people tend to associate with one another and that happiness spreads within social networks.

<author> Chuang, Katherine; Yang, Christopher C.
<title> Social Support in Online Healthcare Social Networking
<abstract> Support groups play an important role in helping individuals cope with their health conditions by providing members with a network of information and social support. It is not well understood what types of support are exchanged in an online, unmoderated, peerto- peer communication of patients and caregivers. We analyzed the informational and emotional support offered and requested among an alcoholism discussion group using qualitative content analysis. Members offered a wealth of information in the form of facts, advice, and personal stories. Emotional support was also prevalent among threads where it was not explicitly requested. Our results highlight how peers are supportive to one another by providing resources and encouragement. These findings bring insight to new support we could provide to patients for sharing information, such as health professionals developing intervention programs. This work is a piece of an ongoing project that identifies the communication patterns of patients in online support groups.

<author> Ma, Lai
<title> Theory and Education: A Case of Structuration Theory
<abstract> The everyday work of information professionals is culturally, socially, and organizationally structured. The education of information professionals should not be limited to the teachings of practical skills and should include theoretical knowledge. A theory-based education provides the necessary intellectual tool for information professionals for critiquing, evaluating, improving, and refining practices, on the one hand, and for reflecting on the authority, legitimacy and acceptability of professional standards and policies and their cultural, ethical, and social implications, on the other. This paper suggests that structuration theory can make a valuable contribution to iSchool education, for it provides the necessary concepts for the study of the interrelationship between the everyday work of information professionals and ìthe socialî that provoke critical and reflective thinking.

<author> Zhang, Hong; Twidale, Michael B.
<title> To Keep, or Not To Keep: or Options In Between?
<abstract> With current systems, we are forced to make decisions either to keep or not keep; delete or not delete a file. Unfortunately our opinions about many information items do not easily fit into this binary worldview. As a part of an exploratory study of looking at file organization on personal computers, this paper describes how people deal with this difficulty on their computers. It implies that people need a facility for information items that falls between the categories of keep and not keep.

<author> Wu, Dan; Gu, Nanhui; He, Daqing
<title> The Usages and Expectations of Multilingual Information Access in Chinese Academic Digital Libraries
<abstract> Digital library, because of its resource demanding and other issues to solve, is an important application of multilingual information access (MLIA). However, the requirements of MLIA systems and applications are not typically addressed or assessed in our evaluations of digital libraries. This paper, therefore, aims to study the usages and expectations of MLIA in Chinese academic digital libraries. We conducted two surveys to study MLIA in current Chinese academic digital libraries and to get to know the usersí real requirements for MLIA in Chinese academic digital libraries. The initial results offer thoughts on specific MLIA functions and insights on future digital library design and developments.

<author> Allen, Robert B.; Zhu, Weizhong; Sieczkiewicz, Robert
<title> What to Do With a Million Pages of Digitized Historical Newspapers?
<abstract> Newspapers are rich sources of evidence of history and literally millions of pages of historical newspapers have now been digitized. We aim to develop tools for effectively browsing this rich resource. However, the structure of newspapers is highly complex and a complete analysis will involve many interacting components. We demonstrate two approaches for extracting advertisements from other types of material in the newspaper. We also describe preliminary results of interviews with historians about features which they would find particularly useful for conducting research on collections of digitized historical newspapers.

<author> Hakken, David James; D'Andrea, Vincenzo; Teli, Maurizio
<title> Achieving the Intercalation of the Social and the Technical in Computing: The SREC (Socially Robust and Enduring Computing) Program
<abstract> This Poster addresses the core issue of iSchool research: How to achieve adequate accounts of what happens when people and organizations use automated (that is, computer-based) information and communication technologies. It outlines the authorsí vision of how persuasive, balanced accounts that properly integrate social and technical perspectives on computing might be achieved, and a research program intended to make this vision real.

<author> Armstrong, Chandler Matthew
<title> Aliases and Ambiguity: A case study of gene aliases, and implications for information curation and AI
<abstract> This research seeks to understand how names and aliases of concepts are used in scienti c literature. Natural language processing tools, and data curation in general, depend upon unique concept identi ers for information, and aliases only provide more oppurtunity for ambiguiyt; despite this, aliases seem to persist in literature and daily life. As a case study, gene names are analyzed. This article presents a discus- sion on patterns of alias usage, and implications this has for bioinformatics librarianship. Observation suggests that research scientists in the bio-medical elds think about infor- mation organization from their contextual perspective, and organize information to be most applicable to their daily re- search tasks. Information scientist might think about infor- mation from a more generalized perspective, and prefer cat- egorizations that minimize ambiguity. Aliases used by scien- tists probably emerge for functional reasons, each providing distinct semantic roles, despite that they create ambiguity from an information curation perspective. In light of this, information science must be careful to consider contexual needs of information users, and word sense disambiguation models will become increasingly important to deal with the increasingly complex grammar for talking about concepts in scienti c research.

<author> Liu, Chang; Gwizdka, Jacek
<title> Analysis of query reformulation types on different search tasks
<abstract> This study examined the frequency of query reformulation types in task - driven experiment, and how it is related to task type and individual differences among users. Our results indicated that Specialization and Word Substitution were the two most frequent query reformulation types. In addition, the type of search task had a significant effect on the type of query reformulation.

<author> Belanger, Marie-Eve
<title> Annotations and the Digital Humanities Research Cycle: Implications for Personal Information Management
<abstract> The proposed study assesses the creation, use and organization of annotations in the digital humanities research cycle. It is argued that the gap between digital and physical reading practices creates complex personal information collections, forcing the scholar to cope with information fragmentation by adapting his practices within the constraints of the research process. A poster is proposed outlining a research design and early findings regarding this issue.

<author> Snyder, Jamie
<title> Applying multimodal discourse analysis to the study of image-enabled communication
<abstract> A multimodal analytic framework is introduced to contribute to a discourse-oriented study of the creation of visual information. While much visually based research focuses on the image artifact, an ongoing study seeks to shed light on the phenomenon of image creation as a communication practice. This requires a content analytic methodology capable of addressing issues related to modalities of expression and their interaction, co-occurrence and co-deployment during exchange of meaning. Multimodal discourse analysis, an emerging area of discourse studies, is proposed as a valuable contribution to the current study and to the field of information science in general.

<author> Marshall, Joanne G.; Craft Morgan, Jennifer; Marshall, Victor W.; Barreau, Deborah; Moran, Barbara B.; Solomon, Paul; Rathbun-Grubb, Susan R.; Thompson, Cheryl A.
<title> Assessing iSchool Effectiveness through Alumni Feedback: Preliminary Results from the Workforce Issues in Library and Information Science 2 (WILIS 2) Project
<abstract> Workforce Issues in Library and Information Science 2 (WILIS 2) is an IMLS funded project designed to implement a career tracking model for Library and Information Science (LIS) graduates. This project was introduced to the iSchool community via a poster session at the 2009 iConference and recruited the participation of 8 iSchools and 36 other LIS programs in the US and Canada to test the career tracking model and program evaluation instrument. Each program was funded to survey up to 250 of its recent graduates. Data are currently being collected and the response rate so far is 45.4%. The aggregated preliminary results will be presented in this poster, and will showcase characteristics of recent graduates and evidence of iSchool program effectiveness. Career results will include such items as length of job search, current job settings and titles, job satisfaction, leadership responsibilities, professional contribution, and continuing education needs. Program evaluation results will include respondentsí overall satisfaction with their program, sense of preparedness for the workplace, and suggestions for LIS program improvement. Project Background: LIS programs have generally lacked the time and resources to systematically survey their graduates; as a result, stakeholders lack an adequate understanding of what happens to their students after they graduate. Educators, in particular, do not have ongoing data about the extent to which their programs meet studentsí expectations, prepare them for the workplace or meet continuing learning needs. Such an understanding will assist in educating and managing the LIS workforce more effectively. WILIS 2 builds on WILIS 1, a comprehensive study of career patterns of graduates of LIS programs in North Carolina. Using a Community Based Participatory Research (CBPR) approach, WILIS 2 refined the WILIS 1 career tracking model so that it would be suitable for use by any LIS program. The WILIS 2 implementation has provided an opportunity to experiment with the use of CBPR to create a national career tracking model that will have the best chance of being widely adopted and used by LIS programs. Evidence-based workforce and educational planning are both essential to supporting the successful recruitment, education and retention of the next generation of LIS professionals. The stakeholders who require the information necessary to do such planning include LIS educators, professional associations, LIS employers, practicing professionals, LIS students and the larger library and information community. Each of these groups has somewhat different information needs and interests in the process of workforce and educational planning. Recognizing the importance and perspective of these differences, the study team has utilized elements of CBPR to maximize consensus and buy-in. This process has resulted in the creation of a survey that will create an evidence base from which stakeholders can make important decisions related to the recruitment, education, reentry and retention of future LIS professionals. CBPR is ìa collaborative approach to research that equitably involves all partners in the research process and recognizes the unique strengths that each brings. CBPR begins with a research topic of importance to the community and has the aim of combining knowledge with action and achieving social change (Isrel, et. al., 1998).î While CBPR is largely used in public health research, it makes sense for WILIS 2 as a way to bridge the education and professional practice worlds of LIS in constructive and mutually beneficial ways. For WILIS 2, the study team has worked side by side with the stakeholders to do all of the following: 1) craft the WILIS 2 survey; 2) finalize methodological tools; 3) implement the launch of the WILIS 2 model; 4) disseminate the findings; and 5) explore sustainability options. A likely side product of this work will be to increase the capacity of the stakeholder partnership created through the formation and experience of a Project Advisory Committee (PAC) to work together on other important research and practice issues in the field. This approach also holds promise for narrowing the gap between researchers, educators and practitioners. The specific research goals of WILIS 2 are to: 1) Refine a career tracking model that is suitable for all LIS programs to use with their recent graduates. Using the CBPR approach and a PAC of 16 members including LIS program directors, library leaders and workforce experts, we have built consensus on the essential elements of a career tracking instrument for use in monitoring and planning both educational programs and LIS workforce needs. 2) Recruit as many LIS programs as possible to participate in a phased national launch of the career tracking model. The study team, in concert with the PAC, recruited LIS programs in the US and Canada to participate in an initial survey launch phase of 8 programs, a second phase of 20 programs, and a third phase of 16 programs. 3) Conduct the surveys and provide access to results for the participating LIS programs. Participating LIS programs will have access to their own datasets, automated reports, analytic tools and analytic benchmarking feedback from the study team. 4) Explore options for sustaining the national career tracking model. The PAC, in conjunction with the study team, will direct and conduct the exploration of avenues for sustainability beyond the grant period. This process will result in a final plan for sustainability generated by the PAC and the study team and systematically presented to other LIS stakeholders not involved in the creation of the plan. 5) Disseminate findings and publicize the availability of the WILIS 2 model. The study team members and the PAC will collaborate to explore avenues for dissemination of this research, such as conferences and a Webcast.

<author> Bowden, Heather Louise Mae
<title> Assessing Need for an Automated File Format Obsolescence Warning System for Digital Collections
<abstract> Anecdotal evidence reported in literature, and personal discussions with managers of digital archives suggests that one of the greatest hindrances to the successful preservation of resources in digital archives is the high level of repeatable activities that are required to be performed in order to monitor their digital collectionsí viability over time [1] [2] [3]. Equally troublesome is the rate at which digital file formats become ìobsolete,î or not readable by current computer software and/or hardware. It is not currently clear which tools should be developed to best ameliorate these issues, or the severity of the actual needs for these types of tools in the digital archives environment. At present there is no fully functioning system which can detect and notify digital archives managers of impending file format obsolescence. In order for preservation systems to evolve and grow in step with the changing technological landscape, they need to find a way to dynamically monitor and react, if necessary, to the changes as they occur. Static systems with rigid controls of data flow have no ability to monitor, adapt, and grow as the sands of technology shift. ëCommunity watch and participationí is a key component of the DCC Curation Lifecycle [5], but has yet to be formally applied to functions in developing preservation systems. In order to begin designing tools which will aid in the management and preservation of digital collections, the first step is to engage with the community of digital collection managers and learn directly from them about their needs in this arena. Using the principles of user centered design, the following study was conducted as a first step in the iterative design process to create an automated file format obsolescence warning system. This is part of the initial design phase of ìcollecting critical information about users,î [4] which will lead to the iterative cycle of design, test and measure, and redesign. This study seeks to answer three research questions: 1) What types of file formats are currently being managed in digital collections, 2) What methods are digital collection managers currently employing to sustain their collection over time, and 3) What types of tools (automated or otherwise) can help digital collection managers in sustaining their collection over time? The information collected from this study will be used to inform the development of a file format obsolescence warning system which will make use of collective intelligence and community participation in order to dynamically monitor and report on the changes in file format viability. Data was collected for this study through semi-structured phone interviews with managers of digital collections; and have been qualitatively analyzed using grid analysis techniques in order to assess patterns, consensus, and outlier information about their collections, preservation practices, and needs for tools in managing file format obsolescence. A total of nine participants took part in this study and are all professionals who are responsible for the management of a digital collection. They all answered questions about the digital collections they managed. These questions were broken down into six broad categories: 1. Which file formats are you currently managing?, 2. For how long are you intending to or required to preserve the digital items in your collection?, 3. What aspects of your digital collection are most important to preserve?, 4. What measures do you take or activities do you currently perform to manage file format obsolescence in your collections?, 5. Would an automated file format obsolescence notification system be helpful?, and 6. What other tools could help you? The following generalized answers to these questions are being applied to further research and tool development. The range of file formats managed across collections varied widely, where the most common file formats (TIFF and PDF), were found in almost all of the collections. The respondents were most concerned about preserving the more obscure file formats such as DBASE and DÈj‡ Vu. Every collection manager reported that the items in their collections were expected to be preserved indefinitely. Each digital collection specified different properties of the digital objects which needed to be preserved. Even in the same collection, there were different properties which were important to preserve in different contexts. There was a wide range of digital preservation activities being performed across the collections, from ìnothing î to ìeducate the data producersî and the implementation of a migration on ingest program. Where every participant responded affirmatively that they could benefit from having an automatic file format obsolescence notification system, they all had different visions of how i t could be implemented in their workflow. Other tools which were reported to be desired were automatic validation & authenticity checking functions and automatic migration functions. Implications of the study results point to the need to develop an automatic file format obsolescence/endangerment notification system which can assess a wide range of file formats for an indefinite period of time. The system must also allow for granular user controls which can be implemented not only at the institutional level, but also at a use case levels. Most importantly, any such system must be able to evolve and change in step with the technological landscape it is monitoring. A prototype of a system which will address these needs will begin to be developed in the summer of 2010. A proposed, high-level conceptualization of this system is shown in Figure 1. In this model, a technology watch component is comprised of a collective intelligence unit and sorting and analyzing algorithms which work together to create the output of a list of file formats and their endangerment warning levels. The collective intelligence component is comprised of data pulled or ìcrawledî from websites as well as data informed by a combination of loose social networks and tight, predetermined social networks. Collective intelligence has been generally defined as, ìwhen a group of individuals collaborate or compete with each other, intelligence or behavior that otherwise didnít exist suddenly emerges.î [6] When referring to technology, it has also been said to be the ìcombining of behavior, preferences, or ideas of a group of people who create novel insights.î [7] The sorting and analyzing algorithms are based on the CUSUM algorithms used by the North Carolina Disease Event Tracking and Epidemiologic Collection Tool (NC DETECT) system, which are used to analyze data collected from several sources online in order to detect outbreaks of infectious diseases. [8] The output of these two components is the dynamically generated and updated list of file formats and their endangerment ratings. Input from the pre-determined social networks is used to refine the list to the specific needs of the group and input from the individual digital collection managers is used to refine the list further for the needs of their institution and individual use cases. The individual digital collection manager may also inform the system less directly by sharing their knowledge and experience via any channel on the World Wide Web. By using collective intelligence methods and models developed for other early warning systems, it will be possible to provide more timely and relevant file format endangerment warnings to digital collection managers. This system design allows for the inclusion of all file formats and also allows for specifications to be changed on an individual and context specific level. The information collected in the participant interviews shows that these capabilities are relevant to their needs and important in the design of a file format endangerment warning system, and so they have been incorporated into the first design stage of this project. Further research and user testing will be conducted as test systems are implemented.

<author> Inoue, Keisuke; McCracken, Nancy
<title> Automated Keyword Extraction of Learning Materials Using Semantic Relations
<abstract> The poster will present our on-going research, which will develop new algorithms to automatically generate keywords from online documents that describes lesson plans in mathe- matics and science. The motivations for improving the cur- rent keyword extraction mechanism are twofold: ï Feedback from our previous study (described below) showed that the keyword extraction was the least sat- isfying component of our automatic metadata extrac- tion mechanisms to the users. ï Our data indicated that human annotators often as- signed keywords to a document that do not appear in the document, which were impossible for the current keyword extraction mechanism to generate. Building upon TextRank by Mihalcea and Tarau [4], our ap- proach is to use a graph-based algorithm to rank keywords, based on semantic relationships

<author> Zheng, Wu; Blake, Catherine
<title> Automatic Extraction of Location Relations from Text
<abstract> Automatically identifying semantic relationships from text plays an important role in knowledge discovery, for example to connect a researcher in one discipline to related research questions in a second discipline in which the researcher is not formally trained. This poster describes preliminary experiments in ongoing research project that explores the utility of semantics and syntax to identify relations from text automatically. We focus exclusively on the location relation, such as organization-location and gene-location. Location is an interesting case because it occurs in multiple text genres including news articles and scientific literature.

<author> Quinones, Pablo-Alejandro
<title> Beyond Intent: Technology Adoption and Appropriation by University Staff
<abstract> In this paper, we propose a model for understanding adoption and appropriation of technology. We describe a university-wide system that is designed for faculty and students, but which has been adopted by staff, followed by a survey study and some preliminary results.

<author> Chen, Miao; Yu, Bei; Liu, Xiaozhong
<title> Building Folk UMLS: An Approach to Finding Meaning of Folk Terms in Medical Domain
<abstract> The SchoolNet Thailand, a computer network for Thai schools, was launched by the National Electronics and Computer Technology Center (NECTEC) in 1995 to link secondary schools in Bangkok Metropolitan and provincial areas to the Internet. Under NECTECís eight-year development of increasing the quality of education, the SchoolNet project has more than 5,000 schools as members. Since then, SchoolNet has become a part of EdNet, the national education network that has the aim to provide Internet connections to schools all over the kingdom. The purposes of SchoolNet Thailand are to develop information technology skills for teachers and to create online lessons covering subjects such as computer, mathematics, science, foreign and Thai languages. As well as develop its website for exchange news and information on activities and training. SchoolNet is the student-centric educational network that provides equal opportunities for students to get access to the Internet, and the contents and delivery of educational services. Based on NECTECís evaluation report in 2005, the problem of Internet connection still exists in small secondary schools and some schools that have limited budget. This research proposal investigates the role of SchoolNet in the post-NECTEC era in bridging the digital divide in education among Thai students in terms of access to technology, access to information made available by technology, and access to educators trained in the combination of technology and information into the education experience. The research question will find out how the three accesses can satisfy educational needs both in terms of Internet connection, the contents and delivery of educational services. We will conduct survey research. The sampling frame is secondary schools that are members of the SchoolNet project. Participants will be secondary school principals, teachers, and students. We will use the stratified sampling method to get participants from each regional area to take part in this study. Moreover, this study uses two techniques to collect data consisting of three sets of survey questionnaires. The Likert scale is used to measure satisfaction level of the content and delivery services. We use descriptive statistics such as frequency, percentage rates, arithmetic mean, and standard deviation to analyze data. The data are analyzed using the program SPSS for Windows. We also interview policy makers of the Ministry of Education of Thailand for their future plan and visions on this network.

<author> Treglia, Joseph Vincent
<title> A Classification of Agents and Entities Influencing Law Enforcement Agencies in the United States
<abstract> This work introduces a typology for classifying the entities and groups that influence law enforcement agencies in the United States. The purpose here is to begin the process of creating a more formal taxonomy to better understand the types of influences that bear upon law enforcement agencies. Through that work we will better understand policy and decision making in this distinct arena and improve law enforcement operations. Using a soft systems approach this initial work involved a broad search of entities that may influence law enforcement agencies. The search involved extensive internet keyword searches, reviews of paper publications and field observation. In consultation with other researchers the list was reviewed and analyzed for classification. Seven distinctive categories were identified; Law Enforcement, Government, Quasi-Government, Associations, Vendors, Media and People. The resulting typology may be used as a basis for further research in the area of law enforcement organizational behavior, policy development and program implementation. This work will lead to a more formal taxonomy for understanding these relationships.

<author> Sabanovic, Selma; Francisco, Matthew
<title> Collaborative modeling for robot design
<abstract> In this poster, we describe a method for using grounded the- ory and modeling to support collaborative design of social robots for the elderly. Robotic technologies are being de- signed to assist people in their everyday lives in various ways: as companions [9], domestic helpers [4], receptionists [1], and educational aids [8]. In response to the steadily rising av- erage age of the population in the US, Europe, and Japan, the elderly are often designated as an appropriate audience for assistive robotic technologies. Designing robots for the elderly poses a variety of social challengesóunderstanding the specific needs and desires of the elderly, supporting in- dependence and human dignity, and making sure that tech- nologies can be successfully incorporated into existing social and physical environments, or ìelder ecologiesî [3]. These challenges suggest that designing robots for the elderly calls for attention to individual attitudes towards technologies as well as community norms and practices of social interaction and technology use.

<author> Snyder, Jamie; D'Eredita, Michael A.; Heckman, Robert; Stanton, Jeffrey M.
<title> Common Ground: Exploring the intersection between information, technology, art and design
<abstract> University research is becoming increasingly multidisciplinary in both the nature of the problems being investigated and the makeup of the teams of researchers that tackle these complex challenges. Information schools are in a unique position to participate across a range of these projects. This poster describes an initiative to discover potential areas for collaboration between Syracuse Universityís iSchool and the College of Visual and Performing Arts, focusing on the synergies between information, technology, art and design.

<author> Nimon, Kim; Gavrilova, Mariya
<title> Commonality Analysis: Demonstration of an SPSS Solution for Regression Analysis
<abstract> Multiple regression is a widely used technique to study complex interrelationships among people, information, and technology. In the face of multicollinearity, researchers encounter challenges when interpreting multiple linear regression results. Although standardized function and structure coefficients provide insight into the latent variable ( ) produced, they fall short when researchers want to fully report regression effects. Regression commonality analysis provides a level of interpretation of regression effects that cannot be revealed by only examining function and structure coefficients. Importantly, commonality analysis provides a full accounting of regression effects which identifies the loci and effects of suppression and multicollinearity. Conducting regression commonality analysis without the aid of software is laborious and may be untenable, depending on the number of predictor variables. A software solution in SPSS is presented for the multiple regression case and demonstrated for use in evaluating predictor importance.

<author> Liu, Xiaozhong; Chen, Miao
<title> Community Interest Language Model for Ranking
<abstract> Ranking documents in response to users' information needs is a challenging task, due, in part, to the dynamic nature of users' interests with respect to a query or similar queries. We hypothesize that the interests of a given user could be similar to the interests of the broader community of which she is a part at the given time and propose an innovative method that uses social media to characterize and model the interests of the community and use this dynamic characterization to improve future rankings. By generating community interest language model (CILM) for a given query, we use community interest to compute the ranking score of individual documents retrieved by the query. The CILM is based on a continuously updated set of recent (daily or past few hours) user-oriented text data while smoothed by historical community interest. The user-oriented data can be user blogs or user generated textual data.

<author> Alemanne, Nicole D.; Stvilia, Besiki; Jˆrgensen, Corinne
<title> Creating Context for User-Generated Tags: An Exploratory Study
<abstract> This exploratory study investigates methods for enhancing Flickr tags as image metadata through the creation of context. Community generated tags from a sample of images in the Library of Congressís (LOC) Flickr photostream were harvested and compared to metadata from related Wikipedia articles. In addition, a content analysis of comments in the LOC photostream was conducted. This informs an exploration of methods of combining user-generated tags with other resources to create richer, contextual metadata for images. In addition, the LOC and Wikipedia subject terms were compared to subject headings from the Thesaurus for Graphic Materials (TGM) to determine whether socially created metadata can be used to enhance a current knowledge organization tool by suggesting new concepts, terms, and relationships.

<author> Joo, Soohyung
<title> Developing a Usability Measurement Instrument in Academic Digital Libraries
<abstract> This study is an ongoing project to develop a usability measurement instrument in the context of academic digital library. Usability reveals how users interact with a system. In the field of information science, there have been many research related to the evaluation of usability in different information systems or environments. While most usability evaluation studies employed either inspection methods or user experiments, less research applied user survey methods. This study has been initiated under the assumption that a user survey could complement these two predominant methods in terms of involving large samples. To implement user survey methods, it is prerequisite to develop a reliable and valid measurement instrument. This study attempts to develop a measurement instrument for usability specific to academic digital library settings. In this study, the academic digital library refers to an augmentation of a traditional academic library, which includes electronic subscription, access to online database, self-digitized collections, and virtual references comprehensively.

<author> Costello, Kaitlin Light
<title> Digital Preservation Education in iSchools
<abstract> This poster investigates digital preservation education in the iSchool caucus. The project identifies core concepts addressed in digital preservation coursework in iSchools and identifies possible areas for curriculum development. Digital preservation education at the graduate level is critical. To ensure long-term access and use of digital materials, information professionals must have a working knowledge of digital curation, which emphasizes a lifecycle approach to digital preservation [1]. Unfortunately, the topic of digital preservation education is not prominent in literature about digital curation. Only a handful of case studies and recommendations have been published regarding digital preservation education within information science, library science, and computer science graduate programs. Instead, much of the work on digital preservation education is contained in more general studies on educating digital librarians or electronic records managers. To understand how to better design curricula that engages central issues of digital curation at the graduate level, an investigation of the current state of digital preservation education is warranted. Coursework devoted solely to digital preservation is essential for graduate students in information-centric disciplines. The necessity for devoted coursework is due to the complex and multifaceted nature of the topic. Unfortunately, a 2006 study found that very few library or information science schools offered courses specifically on the topic of digital preservation. Furthermore, an extremely small percentage of students in library or information science programs had exposure to the critical aspects of digital preservation during their coursework [2]. Digital preservation education can and should be studied in iSchools. The core mission of the iSchool movement is to connect people, information, and technology [3]. Digital curation supports this mission by enabling the continued maintenance of digital information resources throughout their lifecycle, allowing them to be rendered and re-used in the long-term. It is an interdisciplinary process that hinges on expertise from many different fields, including computer science, information and library science, informatics, management, and education. Furthermore, iSchools are a natural home for digital library education [4] and there are significant overlaps between digital library education and digital curation education [5]. It follows that iSchools are an excellent venue for research on the topic of digital preservation education. This project examines digital preservation courses in iSchools over the past five years (2005-2009). Course descriptions and syllabi are examined in order to develop a definition of current practices in digital preservation education. Based on this definition, areas for future developments in digital preservation curricula are identified. Course catalogs from the 26 iSchools have been analyzed to determine whether or not schools offer classes specifically on the topic of digital preservation. Of the 26 iSchools, 9 schools offer degrees in information science and in library science, 6 award degrees in information science but not in library science, and 5 award degrees in library science and not information science. The remaining 6 schools offer a variety of degrees, including computer science, information management, and information technology. These categories will be useful in determining what types of iSchools, if any, are leaders in digital preservation education. All of the schools that have been examined to date offer course catalogs and course descriptions on the open web. Many of the course syllabi are also available online. The course must contain the phrase ìDigital Preservationî in its title or course description in order to be included. One-shot sessions and classes that deal with a subset of digital preservation, such as classes on digital libraries, are not considered. Course themes and assignments are compared to the DigCCurr Matrix of Digital Curation Knowledge and Competencies. This six-dimensional matrix from the University of North Carolina DigCCurr project defines and organizes materials to be covered in digital curation coursework [6]. This analysis will identify current strengths and potential areas for further development in digital preservation education. The study will also address the question of where current digital preservation course materials fit within the larger scope of digital curation knowledge and competencies.

<author> Green, Harriett Elizabeth
<title> Hogs and Harvesters in the Digital Age: The Farm, Field, and Fireside Collection at the UIUC Library
<abstract> The Farm, Field, and Fireside collection is a newly created and extensive digital archive of farm newspapers published in the Midwest from the mid-nineteenth century through the 1940s and 1950s. The wide array of publications in the collection--ranging from the hog farmer's Berkshire Stockman to the women's publication The Farmer's Wife --are an invaluable source of primary research materials and they offer a fascinating perspective on historical issues during a pivotal period of economic, social, and political growth in the United States. The Farm, Field, and Fireside Collection is a stellar example of a digital library created to preserve a library's archived materials, and it employed digital tools for information organization, such as metadata to organize the collection and make it user accessible. The Farm, Field, and Fireside collection also is deeply immersed in the technologies of remembrance and forgetting, as it seeks to unearth and preserve a core part of Midwestern history. This poster will discuss the creation and maintenance of the Farm, Field, and Fireside digital newspaper archive, and examine the intent behind its creation for both the University of Illinois faculty, students, and staff, and scholarly communities at-large. The poster will explore: What research and information resources needs are addressed by the Farm, Field, and Fireside Collection? What was the most effective way of organizing the resources for students and researchers to use? The poster will also review the topical web research guides that were created to support research done with the Farm, Field, and Fireside collection. This part of the poster will examine questions such as: What was the most effective and efficient format for delivering the research guides? How could we utilize the guides to connect the digital newspaper archive to the Library's other subject and special collections? What type of background content was needed in the research guides in order to present the collection's items as viable sources for research? The poster session will explain how we addressed these issues in the maintenance and enhancement of the digital newspaper archive with Olive ActivePaper Librarian software, the Library's promotion of the collection to interested communities, and the process of creating web research guides to cement the Collection's interdisciplinary connections to the Library's other print and digital collections. This poster will offer an intriguing examination of a new and wholly unique digital archive that is a valuable resource for historians, digital humanists, student scholars, librarians, and the general public at large.

<author> Jones, Elisabeth Anne
<title> The Imagined User of ìUniversalî Information Access Efforts: Ingrained Assumptions in Early American Public Libraries and Large-Scale Digitization Initiatives
<abstract> Five years ago, two ambitious book-scanning initiatives ñ Google Book Search and the Open Content Alliance ñ were launched, both claiming the eventual goal of digitizing every book in the world, for the use of every person in the world. The initiatives have followed different paths: one private, one public; one centralized, one dispersed; one scanning everything right away, one starting with the public domain. Both, however, have been lauded for their groundbreaking potential to increase access to information worldwide. Still, the basic impetus that underlies these initiatives is far from novel. In fact, the central motivation of such large-scale digitization initiatives (LSDIs) ñ to provide wide-ranging information access to as many people as possible ñ has strong historical precedents, especially in the early history of the American public library. Specifically, like LSDIs, early free public libraries reflected a top-down, supply-side approach to information access, and incorporated a high degree of private patronage at their initiation. The history of the American public library can thus illuminate many of the positive outcomes that can result from large-scale information initiatives; however, it also reveals some of the perils they might encounter. In this poster, I will begin to explore one facet of the comparison between LSDIs and early free public libraries: that is, the sense in which each is constructed around a particular vision of ìthe imagined user,î and how the inscription of that imaginary in each case has impacted ñ or might in the future impact ñ the claims to universality maintained by each.

<author> John Brobst
<title> Improving Federal Policy on Website Accessibility
<abstract> This paper provides an abstract for a proposed poster. The poster will present preliminary findings of research conducted as part of a doctoral dissertation effort.

<author> Qu, Peng
<title> The Influence of Document Indexing on the Bilinear Property of Vector Space Model
<abstract> The paper discusses on the influence of TFIDF indexing method on inner product and bilinear function which are fundamental for Vector Space Model; and comes to the conclusion that indexing process can change the bilinear property of inner product space. It also comes to the finding that the maximum term frequency influences vector space greatly; and that the normalization factor has both retrieval and geometrical values.

<author> Kern, M. Kathleen; Crist, Rebecca
<title> Information Doesnít Want to Be Free: The Irreducible Costs of Information
<abstract> Since first being pronounced in 1984, the phrase "information wants to be free" has echoed through the corridors of information management as a rallying cry, an aspiration, and a fact. But can it be true? The champions of Web 2.0 propose that we live in an age when anyone can be a publisher. Wiki media and institutional repositories allow authors to publish freely and allow users free access. No-fee services are widely available for blogs, instantaneous status updates, and widespread dissemination of even the most trivial communications, to even the most micro-scale niche audiences. Have we finally reached an age when information can really be free? The costs of producing information are undeniable. The funding models for publishing it are clearly shifting, and the business of scholarly communication is being revolutionizedóincreasingly corporatized on the one hand, and in search of viable open-source options on the other. It is critical that information professionals examine the economic issues of information distribution during this transformation process to ensure greatest success for reliable, stable, accessible, and equitable dissemination of scholarly knowledge. This poster examines the real financial costs of producing and providing information. Open publishing formats depend on actual people doing actual workóoften unseen and unacknowledged. The chain of funding and support for academic research is complicated and hierarchical; researchers providing knowledge "for free" as a service to their field are typically drawing a salary from the university, which is itself funded by taxpayers and donors. Research is funded by corporate grants and academic salaries. Yet would deducting the acknowledged costs of research and publication create a free-information model? We conclude that it would not. By comparing the costs of traditional publishing with their open-access "cost-free" alternatives, we find that we still cannot eliminate the actual expenses of publishing scholarly research. Development costs for open-access architecture remain legitimate and undissolvable costs, regardless of access philosophy. When research is posted, hosted, edited, and peer-reviewed voluntarily by an open scholastic community, we may remove those fiscal expenses from the publication equation. What remainsóthe invisible work of infrastructure, architecture, testing, implementation, and the likeómust still be funded. From software developers to hardware assembly line workers, the work of non-academic participants cannot be deducted from the university funding model. Additionally, the open-publishing options that require unpaid scholarly services still depend on a variation of the traditional forcompensation economic model: We trade the commodity of time for the currencies of information exchange, academic prestige, and publication credit. We rely increasingly on unpaid academic labor for editing and vetting scholarly output. These "free" services are not without costs. Mindful of the time and skill put into this work, the community must examine the ethics of using "free" labor. What are the guarantors of quality in a nocompensation work-place? How much are faculty willing to contribute beyond being on reviewing boards? Will they, and can they, perform the tasks that hired professional copy editors, indexers, proofreaders, and catalogers once performed? What price do faculty pay for the increased pressure to donate extracurricular labor? Acknowledging the real costs of open-access scholarly publication will better enable information professionals to seek reasonable long-term solutions to the problems of information distribution. Ignoring these costs leaves information vulnerable to corporate influence and to obsolescence. Moreover, suggesting that information wants to be free disregards the morality of compensating all playersónot just the professors and journal editors, but the code scripters and the server masters and the thirdshift IT techsófor real work provided. In the end, information may want to be free, but it is unlikely that it ever will be.

<author> Sanchez, Joe; Trammell, Aaron; Lingal, Jessa; Graham, Nathan
<title> The Jersey Punk Basement Scene: Exploring the Information Underground
<abstract> This research project attempts to understand the complex information interactions between musicians, promoters, and audience members who perform/promote/transform residential basements into underground music venues. The goals of this project are (1) to obtain an understanding of the informationseeking practices that enable social actors to participate in an underground music scene, (2) to identify and discover the presence or absence of information-communication technologies (ICTs) within the communication network, and (3) to analyze the underground music venues as artifacts situated within a punk-rock subculture.

<author> Cooke, Nicole A.
<title> Leaders Wanted: Mentoring and Retaining Librarians of Color
<abstract> In order to successfully mentor, and hopefully retain, new professionals in the field, especially those from underrepresented populations, we need to know what professional information they are seeking and deem valuable. Using the 2009 American Library Association (ALA) Spectrum Scholar Leadership / Reach 21 Institute as a specific example, this poster explores the information needs of current MLIS students and brand new MLIS graduates, and provides insight into what this group wants and needs to know from experienced professionals. In July 2009, 50 ALA Spectrum Scholars (masters level scholarship recipients) and 20 Reach 21 Scholars (students from other minority library science scholarship initiative) attended the institute as a supplement to their academic scholarships. The IMLS-funded project, REACH 21: Preparing the Next Generation of Librarians for Leadership , builds on Spectrum?s past accomplishments and extends the community and support benefits of the program to even greater numbers of future librarians. The leadership institute and REACH 21 aim to foster the recruitment, matriculation, and early career development of racially and ethnically diverse students in master?s-level library and information studies programs, provide mentoring, coaching and support networks for these students, and aid in educational and early career retention. Institute participants represented a variety of iSchool member institutions including UCLA, Rutgers University, Drexel University, Florida State University, University of North Texas, University of Illinois, Indiana University, University of Maryland, University of Pittsburgh and University of Washington. In 1998 social learning theorist Etienne Wenger wrote the book Communities of Practice , in which he asserts that learning is a social process and is based upon participation; it is this participation that allows us to form and engage in communities. ?Such participation shapes not only what we do, but also who we are and how we interpret what we do? [6]. Wenger describes communities of practice (COPs) as being everywhere and encompassing all people, students, family members, coworkers, professionals, etc. Mentoring, whether formal or informal, is an important outcome of professional COPs; there is a large body of literature on mentoring that can be applicable to professional communities of practice. The literature suggests that mentoring is a reciprocal growth process, benefiting the mentor and the mentee, and is a good vehicle for developing leadership skills. ?Growth, even highly desired and positive, is not easy. Leadership growth is a process where personal paradigms are challenged and pushed beyond one?s comfort zone. Mentoring helps soften the discomfort and provides caring and helpful individuals for encouragement and support? [4]. Mavrinac (2005) concurs by stating that mentoring is an inclusive, democratic and motivating relationship that can ?serve to widen an employee?s learning context within and outside the organization? [5]. Using Brenda Dervin?s concept of sense-making to frame this research project, the goal is to identify the information needs of new MLIS graduates so that designated mentors can provide appropriate and valuable information to help them succeed in their new professional positions. It is theorized that new library professionals can benefit from the information and expertise of those already in the field; once students graduate they no longer receive parceled and structured information from their professors, rather they must take charge of their own continuous learning, and begin to ?learn on the job.? At this juncture, students / new professionals can encounter information gaps. Dervin refers to these gaps as knowledge gaps, information inequities, communication gaps, information voids and information deficits [2]; these gaps represent points at which discontinuities occur, or points at which information ceases to flow and the individual cannot move forward without ?constructing a new or changed sense? [1]. Individuals must construct new meanings, based on their contexts and situationality, in order to learn and continue intellectual expansion. Sense-making provides a frame with which to study the information needs, seeking and use of this group [3], and provides a ?set of methods which have been developed to study the making of sense that people do in their everyday experiences? [1]. Specifically, sense-making guides the researcher to ask when the information gap occurs, what the nature of the information gap is, and what information will suffice the gap. In this particular research project, the gap occurs when new library professionals straddle the time period between graduation and entry into a new job. The nature of the gap occurs during a professional and academic leadership workshop in which the MLIS students / new graduates were asked what future workshops and seminars they would find valuable, and their own responses reveal the type of information required to fulfill their information gaps. Over the course of the three day leadership institute, the students were presented with a variety of workshops and seminars covering a wide range of topics applicable to library leaders, including interviewing skills, resume development, community involvement, diversifying the library and finding a mentor. At the conclusion of the institute, participants completed a survey which asked, in part, ?If we could have incorporated more time for any one activity or topic, what would it have been?? In conjunction with the responses provided in the ?additional comments? section, this qualitative data was analyzed to determine what programs should be developed for future institutes, and to ascertain what information the group deems necessary and valuable as they prepare to enter their first library positions. In order to determine the information necessary to suffice this information gap, the constant comparison method was employed to analyze the qualitative data provided by the surveys. The data were compared and contrasted, and as a result 3 categories of responses emerged and were defined: (1) topics the participants would like to explore further, (2) activities the participants enjoyed and found useful, and (3) outcomes (lessons and goals achieved during the institute). The analysis indicated that information related to information about the profession (specialties, professional organizations), outreach and advocacy, job skills (navigating the job search, resume and cover letter preparation, and interviewing), networking, and increasing diversity in the profession, are the information corpora that will suffice the information gaps of graduate students in library and information studies and new librarians. With this information in mind, those who choose to serve as mentors to this demographic of librarians will be armed with appropriate information to best serve their mentees, hopefully providing them with the knowledge and support that will encourage their retention in the field. Among the goals of this research is to cater to a specific group (ALA Spectrum and Reach 21 Scholars), while gleaning insight and knowledge that will benefit larger populations of new library graduates, and inform the literature on mentoring.

<author> Pederson, Anna; Williams, Kate
<title> Libraries as Bridges across the Digital Divide: Partnerships and Approaches Used in the U.S. Technology Opportunities Program, 1994-2005
<abstract> The purpose of the poster is to show how libraries used government funds and community partnerships to close the digital divide in the United States. Part of the mission of libraries is to bridge the digital divide. As an answer to the digital divide, the U.S. government started a grant program in 1994. Over ten years, the Technologies Opportunities Program (TOP) awarded $230 million to 600 communities to promote network technology and community partnership. The digital divide is a rich concept rather than a simple binary divide. It?s something that is nuanced, multidimensional and ever-changing. Everyone is immersed in the digital divide in one respect or another because none of us are on the same plane of learning and expertise. We have learned much from the plethora of research that has taken place in communities in the United States and abroad. This study sheds like on the digital divide and how libraries have addressed it. Of the 600 projects funded by TOP, 25 were library-led: approximately 10 took place in public libraries, three in academic libraries, and 12 in library networks or other settings. This research uses the TOP Data Archive, which we created with the help of others including the U.S. Department of Commerce itself, to examine these 25 projects. We have constructed tables and word clouds to find trends and analyze the projects and partnerships and will use established network analytical methods as well. Interviews with key leaders in each of the projects will help ascertain how each project developed over time. Our governing theory is that social capital and social networks contribute to ICT use. Our questions include: How did the partnerships between the library and other organizations affect each project? How did they define success, and did they achieve it? Our first finding is that libraries adapted the grant program to their own strategic activities and did not set library work aside. Second, the libraries took three main approaches: to build computer networks with wires and fiber-optics, to build the human-computer infrastructure known as a Freenet, or to create new library programs to help their community use technology. We will also present data on the programs and the size and shape of the partnerships that carried them out. Our research has found a total of 80 partnerships across 25 separate library-led TOP projects. Each project had an average of 4.3 partnerships; with the maximum being 11 and the minimum number of partnership being one. Our analysis included a typology of partners: education, corporations, government, and organization. Educational partners include schools, colleges, universities, and other educational organizations. Corporate entities are defined as businesses or companies. Government partners maybe municipal, city, state or national government entities. Lastly, organization is a broad category that fits every type of non-profit organization, whether it be community, environmental, educational, etc. There are also four sub-categories: library, health, art, and communications. Library partners may be local, state, college, or university libraries. Health institutions are any health organization, whether government or community, or hospitals. Art partners involve art museums, local art organizations, etc. Lastly, communications partners are communication corporations, TV or radio stations, or government communication entities. The categories will allow us to investigate the relationship between the type of partners in each project and the scope and outcome of each project. The data includes 33 education partners, 28 government, 23 organization, 8 libraries, 8 communications 6 corporation, 5 health, and 3 art. In December and January we will use NetDraw to create a visual representation of the egocentric network of a library and its partners, and look for patterns. We will also carry out telephone interviews with the leaders of each project. The phone interviews will tell us about long-term projects outcomes and how the partnerships advanced or impeded each project. This poster will provide insights and suggestions to libraries that are working on the digital divide or on building partnerships. Since the U.S. has yet to catch up with the rest of the world in terms of broadband speed and utilization, the government has started another round of grants called the Broadband Technology Opportunities Program; our findings will also inform that work. Libraries have the responsibility to serve increasingly disparate populations and our poster provides an analysis of an important group of library projects which have never been presented to an international audience. This topic will be of interest to many people in the library profession, especially those dedicated to serving the public through the use of innovative technology. Relevant links: TOP archive at the University of Michigan: http://quod.lib.umich.edu/cgi/f/findaid/findaid-idx?c=sclead&idno=umich-spc-Power-Top Broadband Technology Opportunities Program: http://www.ntia.doc.gov/broadbandgrants/

<author> Ditzler, Wyatt Evan; Zimmer, Michael; Lipinski, Tomas
<title> DMCA Take-down Notices on Campus: A Case Study
<abstract> Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), Section 512(c), take-down notices have on a university campus. Specifically this study will examine: the policies and procedures one university employs to comply with the DMCA, the content of received DMCA take-down notices, whether the notices comply with the standards set forth in the DMCA for notification, and the effects DMCA take-down notices have on university students and faculty.

<author> Joo, Soohyung
<title> Effects of Ease of Use, Effectiveness, and Use Frequency on User Satisfaction in Academic Library Website Uses
<abstract> For undergraduate and graduate students, library website services such as an online library catalog, electronic resources, and online reference services are considered imperative in achieving their academic goals. To satisfy student users, it is important to develop a user-friendly website based on precise understandings of factors associated with user satisfaction. There are various factors affecting satisfaction such as availability, resource quality, usability, and service quality, and many studies have investigated causal relationships between various factors and user satisfaction in the context of academic library web-based services. This research investigated the effects of three variables, ease of use, effectiveness, and use frequency, on satisfaction in using a university library website.

<author> Wynholds, L.
<title> Embodying Research Methods into Fields and Tables: A Process of Informed Database Design
<abstract> One of the invisible aspects of large research projects in the social sciences is the method by which observations and other collected data are managed. In sufficiently large projects, it may be effective to address the data management problem at the outset by creating a database architecture and data processing workflow. Research methods, assumptions and technical limitations often drive the structure of the data to be collected, but this is rarely discussed within the framework of the research. This design process represents a complex selection and trade-off matrix of predictive approximation, given that aspects of the analysis are not performed until the data is collected, and the design is done before the data collection is started. An elegant design can afford an equally elegant analysis of the data, but also creates a cycle where the data structure dictates the focus and granularity of the analysis. We were faced with the problem of creating a system to support the projected data collection projects for a major, multi-method, 5-year research project on data curation practices. Our research focuses on specific techno-social practices of astronomers and will rely on a large volume of complex and heterogeneous source materials, such as email archives, scholarly publications, websites, reports, metadata headers, as well as in-person interviews. The research questions focus on the data management, curation, and sharing practices of astronomers, how these practices evolved, and mapping who shares what, when, with whom, and why, with specific interest in what data they generate, use, keep and discard. We also ask what is most important to curate, and how do they do so, what do they expect to use and decide will be of future use to others, and who do they envision as future users? The database structure will act as the connective tissue for the full term of the project while embodying the research methods, facilitating analysis, enabling data sharing, and minimizing effort. However, the process also represents a complex selection and trade-off matrix of predictive approximation of the intended analysis as the design defines the data set and the data set drives the analysis. This process-oriented poster documents the matrix we followed, the challenges and the solutions developed while operationalizing a data system for a large research project with major relational and descriptive aspects. Our resulting system utilizes existing competencies and departmental resources while meeting basic prerequisites for data security, sharing, interoperability, best practices and extensibility.

<author> Choi, Yunseon
<title> Enhancing Access to the Web: Vocabulary Analysis on Usersí Tags and Professionalsí Index Terms
<abstract> This ongoing research aims to answer whether user-generated tags through social tagging could be used to enhance access to web resources and provide additional access points beyond professionally-generated ones. This study conducts qualitative vocabulary analysis of both users? tags and professionals? index terms.

<author> Birkland, Johanna Lynn
<title> Exploring Impacts on Older Adultsí Channel Selection When Faced with an Information Need
<abstract> Information Needs and Older Adults Our everyday lives have become more dependent upon digital information and services. This movement of information to digital formats, which often requires an individual to use advanced technology, is seen as particularly challenging for the older members of our society [20]. Several studies have suggested that the movement to digital information sources puts older adults (those age 65 and greater) at risk of missing the information or the services that they need [20], primarily because this population has the lowest rates of information and communication technology usage [11]. For instance, Medicare is a federally funded program that provides healthcare to older adults in the U.S. However, information about Medicare is only provided by the U.S. government online. If an older adult needs information about Medicare benefits or enrollment, they need to either access official information online, or go to a secondary source [4, 16, 20]. Another salient example of this issue is embodied in the move to electronic voting in the U.S. In areas that have implemented electronic voting, empirical evidence has shown a statistically significant decrease in the amount of older adult voters [12]. Understanding how and why older adults choose a digital or a non-digital information channel when faced with an information need is becoming increasingly important because many developed nations are aging. In the U.S., there is a projected 147% increase in the number of individuals over age 65 from the year 2000 to the year 2050 [15]. With older adults representing a greater portion of the population, it will be important for aging societies to cater to the information needs of this diverse group. In the literature studying older adults and technology adoption (as well as e-service usage) several factors have been proposed to affect older adult usage of digital information and services. These factors have included relevance/usefulness of the technology to the older adult [14], technological literacy [7, 8], and the perceived security of the digital or non-digital system [10]. Technological literacy, or the basic skills needed to operate a technology, has often been suggested as the largest barrier to older adult usage of advanced technology [7, 13]. However, many older adults have become ìpost-adoptersî of information technologies: they once used these technologies but have stopped [8]. This suggests that other factors are influencing older adults beyond simply knowing how to use a computer. There is most likely a diverse set of factors that influence older adultís likelihood to use a digital information source. 

<author> Ginger, Jeffrey A.; Kehoe, Adam K.; Khanal, Navadeep
<title> Exploring Methods in Community Informatics
<abstract> Community Informatics (CI) is an emerging field of study, practice and activism that has grown in popularity and influence in recent years. As an academic discipline CI is typically situated within iSchools and provides an important venue for their connection to community knowledge, educational practice, and social justice movements [1]. The term was originally brought into popular use by Loader and Gurstein in the late 90?s and contrasted in relation to the overarching study of social informatics, which at the time was mostly concerned with business and government connections to information technologies [2]. As ICT?s and cultures embedded in our information society have evolved, however, the lines between community, institutional, and individual ICT cultural practices have blurred; no longer can public computing be conceptualized as just a machine at the local library or can digital divide power inequities be cast as a simple lack of access to information. As result community informatics has become widely interpreted in terms of research, theory, methods and places of application. This has given rise to a need for continued discussion over the definition and application of methods in community informatics. Our poster seeks to provide representation of some of the methodological perspectives encountered in a few projects of the Community Informatics Initiative (CII) [3], a research and teaching center and associated curriculum that is part of the Graduate School of Library and Information Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Our work is far from conclusive, but instead intended to be a starting point for discussion about theories and examples of CI methods in action.

<author> Renear, Allen H.; Dolan, Molly; Trainor, Kevin; MuÒoz, Trevor
<title> Extending an LIS Data Curation Curriculum to the Humanities: Selected Activities and Observations
<abstract> We describe selected activities of an IMLS-funded project to extend an existing data curation curriculum to include humanities data, making a number of preliminary observations and conjectures.

<author> Kim, Youngseek; Kim, Minjae; Kim, Kyungseek
<title> Factors Influencing the Adoption of Social Media in the Perspective of Information Needs
<abstract> 1. BACKGROUND Recent studies in various disciplinesósuch as Education, Communication, Media Studies, Psychology, Law, Business, Sociology, and Library and Information Studies [LIS]ósuggest that todayís young people think, learn, socialize, shape identity, and seek information differently in this digital information age, the era of Web 2.0 and of participatory culture [1]. Several terms are applied to describe members of this unique generation who are growing up immersed in digital technologies from the start of their lives, including the Net Generation, Generation M (M for Media), 21st century learners/ students, Digital Natives, and digital age youth. In general, researchers define these groups as including individuals who were born after a certain year, ranging from 1978 -1989. 2. PROBLEM STATEMENT The study assumes that contemporary youthís predominant engagement in digital media culture influences many aspects of their lives and results in some fundamental changes in their information behavior from the social constructivist point of view. For example, they use multiple media sources to seek information, are exposed to an increased array of information with diverse perspectives, actively create information, and exhibit interactive, nonlinear, and collaborative information behaviors. Since the attributes are quite different from those of traditional information behaviors, it is important to understand digital age youthís approaches to information seeking and provide information services that match their new characteristics and patterns. Yet, few theoretical frameworks and empirical studies exist to identify and explain changes in digital age youth information behavior in iField. The most recent national guidelines and standards for school libraries reflect the momentous changes for learners in the digital age, addressing multiple literacies, a continuing expansion of information and the social nature of learning facilitated by digital technology. However, youth information behavior models and frameworks have not been updated to manifest the changing notion of information literacy, which has become more complex, as well as the variety of information behaviors in youth everyday life. 3. RADICAL CHANGE THEORY The theory of Radical Change proposes that three digital age principlesóInteractivity, Connectivity, and Accessóexplain changes in youth information resources and behaviors in the digital age [2]. A typology with three types of changes, each with indicators, operationalizes the theory for identification/ explanation of changes in information resources. The theory, however, has been applied to information behavior of youth without such a typology. Therefore, the proposed study seeks to further develop the theory by establishing a typology (or model) and accompanying variables that address young peopleís (a) cognitive status, (b) identify/value negotiation and information creation, and (c) social interaction during their interaction with information. The Radical Change theory with a new model resulted from the proposed study will help understand youth information-related activities as a whole and their interrelationships, not just studies of individual tasks or search sessions isolated from the context. 4. RESEARCH PURPOSE This proposed research aims to understand contemporary young peopleís information behavior in the digital age based on a solid theoretical and empirical ground. In particular, the exploratory study focuses on new and distinctive behaviors of youth who are engaged with digital media culture. The theoretical and empirical processes of the study result in adding to the original Radical Change theory a model that identifies the key characteristics of youth information behaviors in the digital age. 5. RESEARCH QUESTIONS The studyís research questions are: 1. What are the key characteristics of youth information behavior in the digital age? 1) How do digital age youth seek information and learn? (Cognitive aspects of information seeking) 2) How do digital age youth perceive themselves and others? What part does the creation of information play in negotiating values and forming identities? (Identity, value negotiation; information creation) 3) How do digital age youth access information and seek community? (Information access; collaborative, participatory community seeking) 2. How can Radical Change theory, including a newly added model through the current study, be used to describe, explain, or predict youth information behavior? 6. METHODOLOGY The study employs a qualitative research design due to its exploratory and holistic nature. A three-phased qualitative methodology design is developed, where each phase must be conducted sequentially because the results of the previous phase will inform and lead to the specific design of the subsequent data collection and analysis. Phases One and Two are intended to answer Research Question 1 (i.e., what are the key characteristics of youth information behavior in the digital age?) and aim at creation and validation of the model of digital age youth information behavior, respectively. Phase Three applies and tests the model in a specific phenomenon of youth formation behavior in this age, focusing on Research Question 2 (i.e., how can Radical Change theory, including the new model of key characteristics, be used to describe, explain, or predict youth information behavior?). Phase One is a content analysis of existing research studies (creating a model of digital age youth information behavior). Phase Two consists of focus group interviews with a public library Teen Advisory Board, a group of approximately 8 ñ 10 youth ages 13 ñ 18, (enhancing credibility of the model from the perspective of youth). Phrase Three will be a document analysis of the ThinkQuest Web database, a collaborative online learning platform in which students work across city, state, and country borders to create learning projects. ThinkQuest students are chosen because they are actively engaged in activities using digital media; this population will provide a valid answer to the question of whether Radical Change Theory can describe, explain, or predict information behavior of digital age youth. Data to be analyzed include each element of the ThinkQuest Project, Competition, and Library, followed by online chat interviews with 3- 6 student participants who collaborate to create a ThinkQuest project. It is expected that Phase Three will demonstrate the applicability of the model to explain a specific phenomena of youth information behavior. The target population for the entire study is digital age youth in the U.S., 5 ñ 18 year olds. Students of all ages will be covered in the content analysis of research in Phase One. Phases Two and Three will focus on a sample of older youth, ages 13 ñ 18, in order to examine more active participation and interaction with digital media with relatively greater autonomy. Collected data will be analyzed using Atlas.ti software for qualitative data analysis. 7. LIMITATION/SCOPE The study does not conduct a comparative study of information behaviors between older generations and digital age youth. In order to see if some of the noticeable characteristics in todayís youth information behaviors are really new, it might be ideal to compare current young peopleís information behavior and the information behavior of older generations in their childhood, to the extent that such data is available. However, the research does not study youth information behavior historically for comparison purposes, because the goal of the study is to enhance understanding of todayís young people and serve them better. Some of the radical change characteristics identified by the study may have also existed to some extent in the past (though they are much more prevalent nowadays), but this fact does not mitigate the importance of understanding such characteristics to provide relevant library and information services for youth in the digital age. Also, the study focuses on the processes (including cognitive process) or actions while youth engage in information-related activities. Therefore, it is not intended to assess if and how information needs of todayís young people have been changing. Assessing information needs of youth in the digital age is beyond the scope of the study. 8. CONCLUSION Todayís young people are engaged in a variety of information activities, and the ways that they interact with information have changed significantly within the past two decades. It is important to understand the changing nature of youth information behavior in order to provide relevant and updated information services for youth that match their unique patterns and approaches to information. Applying the theory of Radical Change, the study suggests that contemporary youth information behavior shows distinct features due to the characteristics of the digital society, which include the digital principles of Interactivity, Connectivity, and Access proposed by the theory. Multiple phases of qualitative research develop and add a new model, which identifies key types and characteristics of digital age youth information behavior, to the Radical Change theory. The most significant scholarly contributions of the proposed research include a theoretical contribution to iField, which provides a new perspective and potential for encouraging research on youth information behavior in the digital age.

<author> Hayes, Barbara Marie; Aspray, William
<title> Fighting Diabetes with Information: Where Social Informatics Meets Health Informatics
<abstract> This abstract sets out a research agenda for information scientists and technologists interested in the interrelationships among patients, health care providers, and information technology. Using the complex and costly diagnosis of diabetes as a vehicle for exploration, this work suggests addressing a set of problems that will improve the lives of patients, their families, and friends, as well as making the provision of diabetes care more effective and cost efficient. Information technology tools and methods are used, but with sensitivity to the social and organization complexities of health care. I-Schools graduates, with their interdisciplinary mindset, social science methodologies, and familiarity with IT and its applications can increase the success rate of IT interventions in health care. Topics include public health and community informatics, knowledge dissemination, information alerts, decision support, clinical guidelines, health literacy, patient, pharmacy, and laboratory feedback systems, interface design, reminder systems, consumer informatics, and privacy and security issues.

<author> Pirmann, Carrie M.
<title> Folktales & Folksonomies: Investigating the Utility of Tags as a Means of Description for Folktales
<abstract> -

<author> Benjamin, Alison
<title> The force of standards and guidelines in Web accessibility work
<abstract> A variety of approaches are taken to address pervasive and persistently occurring barriers to accessibility and inclusion online. W3C Web accessibility guidelines and standards are their infrastructural nexus. This raises the question of what force guidelines and standards have in the work practices of Web developers and designers, who may use these standards and guidelines to a variety of ends.

<author> Lin, Peyina; Eisenberg, Mike; Marino, John
<title> ìHi! Iím Harvey, A Consent Botî: How Automating The Consent Process In SL Addresses Challenges Of Research Online
<abstract> In this paper, we describe the challenges of acquiring informed consent in a virtual environment, Second Life, and describe our employment of an automated consent bot.

<author> Searing, Susan E.; Offenstein, Tim
<title> The LIS Virtual Library: A case study of library support for an iSchool
<abstract> What impact has the iSchool movement had on the collections and service programs of the libraries at universities that are homes to iSchools? How are academic libraries meeting the information needs of iSchool faculty and students? At the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign (UI), the expansion of the curriculum and research agenda of the Graduate School of Library and Information Science (GSLIS) to encompass the far-reaching perspectives of an interdisciplinary iSchool influenced the development of a new service model for library support. The library was also challenged to support GSLISís very successful online MLIS and Certificate of Advanced Study degree programs. At the UI, a system of distributed, departmental libraries has been in place since the 19th century. A separate Library & Information Science (LIS) Library was housed in the Main Library facility from the 1920s until May 2009, when its collections were merged into other libraries. The new model for LIS library services combines a more robust virtual presence with an intensified human presence in the GSLIS building. These changes are part of a much larger initiative to create a more flexible organizational structure for the University Library overall ñ a structure that recognizes the increasingly interdisciplinary nature of academic inquiry, the critical importance of digital information resources, and the opportunities for collaborative approaches to the provision of library services and collections using information technology. [1] Over the past decade, these themes have been echoed repeatedly in studies of library use, scholarly information-seeking, and the future of the academic library. [2] Recent writings have also affirmed the value of subject specialist librarians and library services targeted to communities of scholarship and practice. [3] This case study of a change process that is still in progress highlights the tensions and opportunities that are created for the library system when an academic unit shifts and enlarges it scholarly focus. At the UI, evidence (both quantitative and qualitative) about library user behavior and needs was brought to bear on the decision-making and planning processes. Members of the UIís iSchool community were involved, as well as members of the University Libraryís faculty and staff, in charting a future for library collections and services for LIS and related fields. For example, the Schoolís Associate Dean served on the planning team, and cataloging instructors advised on the retention and relocation of reference sources for teaching and performing cataloging. Most notably, a team consisting of the LIS Librarian and two students, within the traditional framework of an independent study course, spearheaded the transformation of the LIS Libraryís former web site into a ìvirtual libraryî and portal to disciplinary information. [4] The enrolled students had individual learning goals which were met by readings, consultations with experts, and hands-on design and problem-solving work. The team conducted a round of usabilty testing, using Morae software, which led to significant design revisions before the site went live. Since the launch of the website in August 2009, further valuable critiques have been offered by students in the online GSLIS course, Interfaces to Information Systems. While the site design is constrained by the limitations of the Libraryís content management system (OpenCMS) and locally mandated design templates, the University Library places almost no restrictions on content or organization of subject-specific websites within its domain. Therefore, the design team was able to organize the information in ways helpful to the UI iSchool community and the wider audience of information professionals on campus. The CMS structure permits easy updating and modification of the site. The site itself provides opportunities for users to suggest additional content and/or comment on the design. The site incorporates newly-acquired resources and tools, such as the ìLIS Easy Search,î a federated search across three major LIS journal indexes, local and consortial online catalogs, ebook sources, and the UIís institutional repository. This new feature was developed after the planning team undertook a survey of LIS Library users, which revealed that the virtual service most valued by students is access to LIS-specific databases. In contrast, the same survey showed that faculty users of the LIS Library online valued most highly its virtual new books shelf. Because new LIS books were no longer directed to a single physical location after the closure of the LIS Library, the new virtual library incorporates a complex search of the University Libraryís database of new books, in order to gather together records for LIS titles. Other services of the LIS Virtual Library include a news section and an expanded, subject-categorized set of links to e-resources, both licensed and open access. Some new content aims to bridge the gap between the userís experience of the old physical library and the new virtual one--for example, pages explaining where LIS printed books and journals may now be found in the UIís vast library system. Like most academic libraries, the LIS Library at UI has been shifting from mostly print to mostly digital collections over the past several years. On the one hand, the closing of the physical library was simply an inevitable evolutionary stage, responsive to increasing digital publishing and changing modes of scholarly information-seeking. On the other hand, many users experienced the closure as a decisive and even tectonic shift in their personal information worlds. Relevant print materials are still collected and housed in appropriate campus libraries, but the LIS Virtual Library is now, for most purposes, _the_ library for the iSchool. The increased presence of the LIS Librarian in the GSLIS building helps to keep users connected with the resources of the University Library and bridges the gap between the old service model and the new. The transformation of the LIS Library demonstrates how a successful transition from a traditional information service model to a new one must be grounded in knowledge of the unique needs and customs of the library, university, and population of users. Further, it demonstrated that the University Library can involve iSchool students in meaningful projects that both further their learning and contribute to the improvement of information services. The evolution of library services is a noticeable impact of the iSchool movement, as the UI example proves.

<author> Bishop, Bradley Wade
<title> Location-based questions and their implications for digital reference consortia
<abstract> This poster addresses a lack of knowledge about location-based questions and the implications of this lack of knowledge on digital reference consortia. Location-based questions include any question that concerns the attributes of a georeferenceable location or locations. Findings indicate half of questions asked to the statewide service of this study were location-based questions. Recommendations from this studyís findings include populating the consortiumís knowledge base with local knowledge, especially participating information agencies local knowledge.

<author> Kee, Kerk F.
<title> Meta Organizational Influences on Scientific IT Infrastructure Development
<abstract> By taking an organizational communication approach to examine the meta influences on scientific IT infrastructure development, a preliminary analysis reveals that existing practices in a field with the Internet and computer technologies, the agenda of the funding agency, and the competing theories and methodologies held by participating scientists and groups are three such meta organizational influences. Instead of presenting key findings in the form of statements, the student author instead raises meta questions to be asked as we develop and design large-scale scientific IT infrastructure in the early 21st century.

<author> Tuai, Cameron
<title> Modeling Staff Behavior in the Production of Information Products
<abstract> Improved understanding of staff behavior in organizations whose primary product or competitive advantage lies in the production of information connects with two trends in the information industry: (1) the growing import of bundled, or meta-information, in corporate sales strategy, as exemplified in the information sales strategies of companies as EBay, Expedia, or Amazon (2) a shift in the competitive information organizationís landscape from using expertise in developing, deploying, and managing ICTs to create barrier to entry, to ICTs as commodities [4]. These two trends suggest a movement away from the ICT as the central artifact and towards that of a contextual factor within larger information production process. Further, under such conditions, the behavior of staff involved in the production of information products becomes increasingly important in achieving a competitive advantage. My research posits that an information organization capacity to compete partially lies in its ability to foster staff behaviors that produce optimal usage of ICTs in acquiring, organizing, and disseminating information. This research contributes to the field of information studies by (a) developing the models and methodologies for examining these types behavior; (b) identifying the patterned variations that differentiate these types of organizations from others; and (c) creating theories of causation regarding the relationship among organizational structures, ICTs, and staff behaviors toward production of information products. The goal is to model the fit between staff behavior, ICTs, and organizational actions that best optimizes the production of information products. My theoretical approach draws from both information studies (IS) and organizational theory. This approach allows me to keep one eye on the IT artifact and the other on other factors at work within the organization. Support for IS research that moves away from the information technology (IT) artifact as the central focus [3] is provided by both Galliers [5], who sees the future of IS as a shift from IT as the central artifact to that of people/information, and DeSanctis [4] who suggests that natural evolution of IS is away from IT as artifact, and toward IT as a human or organizational challenge. Orlikowski and Barley [9] write that both organizational theory and IS offer certain advantages to the study of IS problems. They note that drawing from the field of information studies provides a means of understanding technology as both a social and physical artifact. This conception of technology allows for a ìmore nuanced appreciation for why and how the material properties of technologies matterî and the development of ìbetter images of how forms of organizing emerge as human action weaves itself around a technologyís constraints and affordancesî [9]. The benefit of organizational theory, on the other hand, lies in its ability to provide the broader framework for discovering regularities, general principles, and causal relationships. Drawing from both disciplines also allows me to build upon organizational theoryís rich body of empirical research, while having opportunities to explore research anomalies using IS approaches such as those employed in social and organizational informatics. My research context is information service units formed through a partnership between academic libraries and campus computing. The growing use of partnerships to create information products is documented in both the library and information science literature as well as in areas of the IS literature such as IT governance. Within the context of academic libraries, these types of units are often referred to as information commons, learning commons, or research commons. These hallmark of these units is the combination of librarians and technologists within an ICT-rich environment in order to facilitate customer knowledge creation [1]. Studying the library form of this information production partnership affords both depth of the relevant professional literature and a large number of units in operation (I have identified approximately 110 for my initial sample). The literature on the collaboratively based information services reveals a number of issues that pique my curiosity. To begin with, the creation of knowledge products within these units suggests a high level of behavioral integration between librarians and technologists. Structural contingency theory posits that managers can best achieve this level of integration through horizontal structures. Although the case literature frequently describes horizontal structures, there is little evidence of the presence of services that require such resource-intensive approaches. What factors, other than high degrees of integration, are causing managers to create horizontal structures? How are these units fulfilling the promise of knowledge creation if not through services that require high levels of integration? Are the commons fulfilling their promise to provide the knowledge creation products? If they are not, what holds them back? To explore some of the organizational anomalies found within the professional information services literature, I use contingency theory to examine the relationships between people, organizations, and IT; factors that March describes as the interface of research in information systems [8]. I measure staff behavior using the degree of behavioral interdependence present in the production of the unitís information product. Structural contingency theory posits interdependence as the explanatory variable for structural coordination. As such, I use coordination to represent organization forces. The contingency expectation of a positive relationship between interdependence and coordination forms the starting point for the development of a model of staff behavior in information producing organizations. Successful management of highly interdependent behaviors in ICT usage can lead to innovation in the creation of information products. The successful management of highly independent behaviors in ICT usage can lead to efficiencies in information operations. This model contributes to the IS literature by offering additional explanations for variances within information systems structures. For example, Barleyís [2] seminal article on the effect of CT scanners in radiology departments concludes that while the introduction of technological uncertainty resulted in decentralization, the degree of decentralization depends on the specific historical process in which they are embedded. Reviewing this article in terms of a contingency perspective on interdependence offers an alternative explanation many of the differences found in Barleyís descriptions of specific historical processes. Turning to the last concept within Marchís [9] conception of an information system, the measurement of IT. This factor presents a measurement challenge in situations where the production of information involves partnerships. Within the context of my research setting of collaborative information service units, the two partners are generally composed of highly differentiated groups of information professionals. Typically each information profession brings with it histories that differentiate staff in regard to their approach to such issues as service levels, appropriate use, costs and benefits, or goals. Further, each profession focuses on different types of ICTs within the information service point, which is unto itself an ICT system Given this situation, Orlikowski and Barley [9] quite convincingly argue that ISís conception of technology is superior to contingency theoryís conception of technology in explaining the process of organizing within an ICT-intensive context. The conundrum is that the IS approach to measuring technology is epistemologically incompatible with my desire to build a contingency theory based causal model. The compromise was to use Lawrence and Lorschís {, 1967 #712} instrument for measuring behavioral differentiation. This instrument is at best a loose proxy for an IS conception of technology, but its measurement of behavior in terms of goal, time, and interpersonal orientation should capture part of the underlying forces that are eventually expressed through ISís conception of technology as both a social and physical artifact. My research into integrated information service unit seeks to build upon prior work that has largely failed to confirm expected contingency theory relationships. Analysis of these studies suggests that this problem results from researchers underestimating the complexity of the information production context in terms of the relationship between interdependence and coordination and the potential moderating effect of technology derived behavioral differentiation [7,10,11]. This underestimation leads to large units of analysis, such as divisions, that are internally heterogeneous or externally homogeneous, thus confounding efforts to confirm expected relationships. My research resolves this problem through two different methodological designs. First, my focus on integrated information service units represents a smaller unit of analysis thus decreasing the presence of extraneous variables. Second, I accept the IS definition of technology as a complex social and physical artifact and as such substitute interdependence and behavioral differentiation as the causal variables within information service units.

<author> Greifeneder, Elke
<title> The need for qualitative methods in online user research in a digital library environment
<abstract> Online users of digital libraries are multi-local, multi-lingual and live in multiple time-zones. Getting "purposeful data" in online user research requires that the research be done online because the users are there. This content analysis looks at a broad sample of international publications to address the following two research questions: 1) what methods do we use for online user research and 2) what are the purposes behind the research questions? The poster suggests that we currently use methods that match poorly to the purpose of the study and that there is a real need to use qualitative methods to study online users to be able to produce purposeful data.

<author> McEwen, Rhonda
<title> Orality in the Library: How Mobile Phones Challenge Our Understandings of Collaboration in Hybridized Information Spaces
<abstract> Following a period of rapid and widespread adoption of mobile phones as personal information artefacts worldwide , information centres and their staff are currently grappling with the impacts of this paradigm shift and how they effect the management of their spaces. As users participate in these spaces they are confronted with rules, policies or guidelines that are antithetical to their domesticated mobile phone practices. Being ëalways oní and ëalways withí their mobile phones symbolically and nominally imply that these devices have become an important component to how users seek, use, share and relate to information. Yet information centres such as academic libraries have long traditions in offering and enforcing voice and noise-free spaces for information access [1]. Similar to notions of increasing integration of public and private spaces [2], academic libraries have become reinterpreted and rebranded as collaborative technology laboratories, information commons, and media labs used as both public gathering sites and as places for private and individual study [3]. In this study we explored the extent to which norms and policies within these hybridized information spaces acknowledge and/or make allowances for the use of oral communication both in face-to-face interactions and virtually via mobile phones. We investigated how historical understandings of usersí (quiet) interactions with the information resources in academic libraries impact the way users engage with each other and with technology in these spaces for collaboration. We conducted a documentary analysis of communication guidelines, policies, and posted signage regarding mobile phone use within an iSchoolís integrated library and information studies laboratory (lab) to gain a contextual understanding of the manner in which userís communications practices were influenced by the language, messaging, and visual rhetoric embodied in these information sources. In addition, we conducted experiments over a two-week period in 2009 within the lab, involving both staged and observed mobile phone use within the space, and interviewed co-present staff and users to gather their perspectives on mobile phone use in the lab. Comparing the data from the documentary analysis with the experiment results we assessed influence of the official discourse on the structuring and facilitation of communicative interaction, and considered inherent contradictions in intent of the documented guidelines versus the expectation that the lab should be used as a collaborative space. Early results indicated that the policy-makers within this information centre expressed hesitation in determining whether or not guidelines or policies should exist for mobile phone use in this hybridized information space, and what they should include. This led to a lack of explicit communication on mobile phone use leaving staff and users to interpret what was acceptable etiquette based on their experiences in other similar settings. Some users rapidly exited the space when they received an incoming call and expressed feelings of guilt about receiving a mobile phone call, particularly if the ring-tone was audible. Other users noted that since the space allows for face-to-face conversation among users that it is a space where mobile phone conversations may also take place; therefore, they felt that some use mobile phone use was to be expected. We observed staff using their mobile phones in the execution of their duties, and noted strategies that some users employed to strike what they believed to be an appropriate balance in reconciling feelings that mobile phone conversation was not allowed with their inclination to use the device as one of the information tools at their disposal. Framing the analysis in science and technology studies we focus on the dynamic context within which these observations are made ñ a changing set of information practices involving mobile phones, a changing articulation of information centres as collaborative spaces, and the impact of embedded assumptions and expectations of how these spaces should be used based on historical precedents. We demonstrate that collaboration itself is interpreted in different ways when situated in specific types of environments and more so when face-to-face interaction is privileged over virtual collaboration via the mobile phone. We conclude with recommendations for policy-makers and managers of hybridized information spaces about how guidelines can be developed that involve a more in-depth understanding of mobile phone use in information spaces.

<author> Wiggins, Andrea Kathleen
<title> Organizing from the Middle Out: Citizen Science in the National Parks
<abstract> This poster presents initial ndings from a dissertation pilot study on a citizen science project involving the public with scientists in collaborative research. The goal for the pilot study was familiarity with the contextual factors that in u- ence citizen science project design, and in turn, observing how the design choices contribute to the project's knowl- edge creation and participation outcomes. The initial results highlight an unexpected form of `middle-out' organizing that challenges assumptions about top-down and bottom-up or- ganizing, as the location of the top and bottom are clearly a matter of perspective in inter-organizational partnerships.

<author> O'Connor, Brian C.; Anderson, Richard L.; McLeod, Patrick; McCotter, Melody J.
<title> Outside the Frame: Modeling Discontinuities in Video Stimulus Streams
<abstract> How are we to get beyond the literary metaphor Augst asserts is central problem with film analysis? How are we to step outside the "shot" as the unit of analysis - the "shot" which Bonitzer claims is useless for analysis because of researchers' "endlessly bifurcated" definitions of "shot? We have had success with a form of computational structural analysis which incorporates the viewer into the model. Comparing changes in levels of Red, Green, and Blue from frame to frame and comparing the patterns of change with an expert film theorist's model. We are currently analyzing discontinuities in the entire data stream of a film. We are asking just what aspects of the data stream account for viewer reactions. We are examining distribution of color, edges, luminance, and other components. By modeling changes in the various stimuli over time within a vector space model and comparing those changes with the responses of (at first) an expert viewer, then with a variety of viewers we should be able to make strides in matching forms of representation to the most effective mode of representation for the individual user; and at the same time provide a set of analytic tools that account for the multiple time-varying signals that make up a movie, whether a cell phone video or Hollywood blockbuster. Significantly, we now step outside the frame as the unit of analysis and look to the possibilities of analysis at the sub pixel level. That is, analysis of one component of a pixel location such as luminance or merely the green component (no red or blue provides a very fine grained level of examination. At the same time, the vector space model provides a way of examining the stimulus effect of multiple threads that do not necessarily change in synch. As we consider these possibilities, we begin to see a general model of a document as a continuous stream of data that either (as a whole or in part) functions as a stimulus or does not. Our poster will present graphical representations of changes in the data stream for the "Bodega Bay" sequence of Hichcock's THE BIRDS and the reactions of Raymond Bellour, whose analyses and modeling of Hichcok's works and of classic Hollywood film in general are held in high regard. We begin with Bellour and the Bodega Bay sequence because we have already published research on this data and, thus, have a significant foundation upon which to build. We will then apply the same techniques to a set of other works.

<author> Gandomi, Nathan Rahmat; Knight, Erin Beth
<title> Participatory Media for Education: Driving Student-Centered Learning
<abstract> With the advent of Web 2.0 technologies, participation and collaboration have become predominant experiences on the Web. The teaching and learning community, as a whole, has been late to capitalize on these technologies in the classroom. How can we support pedagogical change with web-based course management systems and participatory media? Our research will attempt to answer this question through observation and analysis of faculty and student use of the tools in the course context, interviews with faculty and instructional support designers and a comprehensive research review. This poster reports some preliminary findings from a pilot study using the Social Media Classroom (SMC, 2009), a lightweight, open course site solution with embedded social media tools such as wikis, blogs, forums, chatrooms and social bookmarking, and will outline the following components: (1) Use of the Social Media Classroom in three I School courses, (2) Student/Instructor usage patterns, expectations, evaluations and best practices across courses, (3) Top-rated features we built to make the SMC more robust, which have since been released to the open community and (4) Implications for future research.

<author> Richman, Jessica
<title> Peer Production in Politics: Democracy vs. Governance
<abstract> As Andrew Chadwick noted in 2006, ìThe issue is no longer whether politics is online, but in what forms and with what consequences?î Governments use the Internet for many reasons, including informing the public, facilitating voting, and communicating with constituents. Similarly, citizens engage with political institutions online in a variety of ways. William Dutton, who terms this engagement of citizenry with government the ìFifth Estateî, delineates two institutional arenas: the use of ìthe Internet and related ICTs to enhance existing democratic institutions and processesÖand the networking of individuals to enable the public to hold all institutions of government and politics more accountableî. This poster will contrast websites that use the internet to facilitate representation (e.g., the Sunlight Foundation, Wikileaks) with those that focus on governance (e.g., Community Patent Review, SeeClickFix). These organizations differ in their fundamental objectives: the first type uses the Internet to influence democracy itself while the second engages citizens to do work they have already delegated to government. There are many examples of both types of organizations, both in the United States and abroad. Some use crowdsourcing to create or organize information; others present information to users but do not allow them to contribute. This poster will focus on organizations that operate in the US and use peer production; it will highlight their use of online collaboration, as well as their impact on issues of government transparency, democratic representation, and peer production of knowledge. The mission of the Sunlight Foundation is to ìusing the revolutionary power of the Internet to make information about Congress and the federal government more meaningfully accessible to citizens.î As such, it sponsors online tools that allow the public to watch and contribute to knowledge about government spending, the legislative process, and the influence of lobbyists. One project of the Sunlight Foundation, PublicMarkup.org, allows the public to annotate bills before they are passed by Congress. Several 2008 bills were posted on the site, including the act that authorized the Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP). The Sunlight Foundation also sponsors projects that do not use peer production, such as MAPLight.org, which allows combines data on campaign contributions and voting records for legislators. Wikileaks.org allows users to upload ìleaksî -- information about corrupt officials, scandals, and other misbehavior ñ in an anonymous manner. Wikileaks thus crowdsources the whistle-blower role in government (as well as other areas) and also the fact-checking of whistles blown. Wikileaks operates in nearly every country (as it is a wiki, countries can be added very easily), but is represented by Australian Hacker Julian Assange. Situated between journalism and governance, Wikileaks is more difficult to classify, but as an example of whistle-blowing on government corruption, it aims to improve the democratic process. Community Patent Review is a striking example an organization that uses peer production for governance. Community Patent Review is a ìweb-based application that allows third parties to comment on patents before they are issued. Large patent holders, including General Electric, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, Oracle, and Red Hat, have agreed to be part of the pilot, and the patent office has agreed to waive the usual fee for third party comment submissions and give the patents of pilot participants expedited review.î This provides a public adjunct to the Constitutionally designated function of the Patent Office; this citizen participation does not follow the chain-of-command of the patent office, but instead involves citizens (and non-citizens) in a new way, as users and collaborators. SeeClickFix operates at the local level. SeeClickFix ìallows anyone to report and track non-emergency issues anywhere in the world via the internet. This empowers citizens, community groups, media organizations and governments to take care of and improve their neighborhoods.î Users post local maintenance issues (e.g., potholes, vandalism), and others can volunteer to fix them. This enhances the role of existing local government functions (e.g., the parks department, the roads department) by again involving the public directly in a non-democratic capacity. Each of these organizations uses a different method to apply peer production to the task of improving democracy or of improving governance. Sometimes these tasks are mixed: MySociety, a UK organization similar to the Sunlight Foundation, creators of FixMyStreet (which inspired SeeClickFix in the US), hosts an e-petition process, which facilitates, instead of street fixing, the development of petitions that are sent directly to the Prime Minister. Organizations can be difficult to classify by these criteria. Creative Commons, founded in 2001, uses open licensing to bypass the more restrictive features of copyright law. Although it is not technically ìcrowdsourcedî, it does rely on the network effects of its many users who can build on each othersí creations as long as they are all licensed under Creative Commons. In this aspect, it is an example of the second type of organization. Instead of lobbying to change copyright law, it bypasses the structure chosen by democratically elected representatives and instead uses a ìFifth Estateî, user-governance model. People decide for themselves what kind of copyright they would like to have and share that with others. Similarly, SeeClickFix does not try to recall local parks officials, but instead points out where citizens can do local maintenance themselves; Community Patent Review does not aim to reform the US Patent Office, but instead facilitates public input. The subject of the first group is representation; the subject of the second is a social issue, such as property rights in innovation or local property damage. Both approaches involve transparency, but the second approach involves further transparency as the citizens are full participants in the entire process. For example, what a government does with Wikileaks information or how the annotations on laws are processed is not necessarily transparent. Whether or not a problem ahs been fixed on SeeClickFix is transparent. In other words, the first category still involves representation, which naturally decreases transparency, while the second does not. These two approaches are in some degree of tension: if, in the extreme case, all government functions were handled directly by citizens, there would be no need for representative democracy. On the other hand, if transparency is all that democracy needs, then perhaps the more communitarian approach would not be necessary. In some ways, these two approaches are, to use an economic term, substitutable goods. Both of these approaches are simply the result of applying peer production to public goods, such as well-maintained public spaces, efficient patent issuance, or well-formulated laws. As these organizations grow, they will necessarily blur these lines and create further emergent forms of online democracy and online governance.

<author> Liu, Jingjing
<title> Personalizing Information Retrieval Using Task Stage and Task Type
<abstract> This paper reports the findings on the roles that task stage and task type play in predicting the usefulness of documents from time that users spent on them. A 3-stage controlled lab experiment was conducted with 24 participants, each working on 3 sub-tasks in a general task, couched either as parallel or dependent. They were asked to search for information and write a report on the topic. Results showed that task stage can enhance the accuracy of predicting document usefulness from decision time, especially in the parallel task. These findings are extremely helpful in predicting document usefulness and accordingly in tailoring search towards specific users and user situation.

<author> Naughton, Robin A.; Hall, Catherine E.; Zhao, Haozhen; Lin, Xia
<title> PhD Portal: Developing an Online iSchool Doctoral Student Community
<abstract> iSchool doctoral students represent a diverse and growing community of information science and technology (IST) researchers. Each doctoral student manages his/her own IST career from admissions to graduation, using personal and varied methods of information management. As a result, lessons learned by students are not easily transmitted to each other. In this poster, we describe our design and development of an online doctoral student community that offers a single place for doctoral students to manage their daily graduate life from administration and course work to research and collaboration.

<author> Brown, Michael E.; Costello, Kaitlin; Ramdeen, Sarah Elisabeth
<title> Preparing future digital curation faculty: Three doctoral fellows as examples
<abstract> Digital curation, the curation of digital assets, whether cultural, educational, scientific, or economic, is emerging as an active field of research and development. ìDigital curationî can be defined as ìthe active management and preservation of digital resources over the life-cycle of scholarly and scientific interest, and over time for current and future generations of usersî[1]. It involves ìmaintaining and adding value to a trusted body of digital information for current and future use;î [2] and is ìkey to reproducibility and re-useî[1]. Limited graduate educational opportunities in digital curation exist. The School of Information and Library Science (SILS) at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC-CH) was awarded a 2008 Laura Bush 21st Century Librarian Program Grant from IMLS, under the category "Programs to Build Institutional Capacity." DigCCurr II: Extending an International Digital Curation Curriculum to Doctoral Students and Practitioners" (2008-2012) builds upon DigCCurr I (2006-09). SILS continues in their partnership with NARA, as well as introducing a new partnership, the University of Glasgow's HATII. This project seeks to develop a doctoral-level curricular framework; course content; and networked, distributed, international seminars to prepare future faculty to educate 21st century digital curators. The DigCCurr II project will also offer three multi-stage Institutes for Professionals in Curation Practices for the Digital Object Lifecycle, taught by a team of international experts, designed to have an immediate impact on curation practices. The Institutes are designed to foster skills, knowledge and community-building among professionals responsible for the curation of digital materials. A highly interactive website, the Digital Curation Exchange [3], has been developed which acts as a forum for discussion and collaboration during the institute and also provides forums for discussion, sharing of documents, as well as links to valuable tools and resources. The DigCCurr II Program also provides funding for six Carolina Digital Curation Doctoral Fellows. The doctoral fellows are assisting the Institute instructors in course development and implementation through out the year and during the Institute. Each Fellow also brings his/her own knowledge and specialties to the institute, and are also offered the opportunity to develop their individual research interests and skills in addition to gaining valuable teaching experience the work of the fellows will help enrich the collective knowledge of digital curation practices. There are currently three doctoral fellows. This cohort will be expanded to include three additional Fellows who will be recruited for Fall 2010. This poster will report on the research trajectories of the Carolina Digital Curation Fellows as an illustration of how doctoral-level education is being integrated into a digital curation curriculum. Mike Brown is currently working on a project studying job market ads related to digital preservation and curation. He has specific interests in the digital curation of cultural heritage and performing arts artifacts, and the overlap between personal information management and personal archiving strategies. Kaitlin Costelloís research areas include digital curation and digital archives. Specifically, she studies selection and appraisal methods for interactive digital objects. She is also interested in instructional design and pedagogy. Kaitlin is currently conducting a study examining digital preservation education at the graduate level in information schools. She is also researching appraisal strategies for websites created by UNC. The Sarah Ramdeen is interested in digital curation and education for the sciences ñ teaching others to manage their digital collections and shaping the way scientists preserve and access their data. Her current research areas include a qualitative study of collection managers at geological repositories and she is currently developing a study to look at the preservation and archival habits of geological researchers and students in relation to specialized file formats. DigCCurr II seeks sustainability for work in the digital curation arena through raising public and professional awareness. By cultivating intensive deliberation and mutual engagement of the issues among a diversity of players, DigCCurr II will also contribute substantially to the promotion and sustainability of the communities of practice that will ensure responsible, long-term digital curation. While all of the Fellows view digital curation through a unique lens, their projects are integral to the development of their skills as researchers. Their work will bring awareness of the critical issues of the field and will enhance the current body of knowledge in the practice of digital curation. Through their experiences with the Institutes and their collaboration with international experts, they will be better prepared for careers as educators of the next generation of digital curation practitioners.

<author> Song, Min; Watrous-deVersterre, Lori
<title> QIC: Query In Context for Educational Collections
<abstract> Students' demand for rich, multimedia content to be incorporated into their learning process has driven teachers to use online resources. With its accessibility and explosive growth of content, the NSDL repositories are in a prime position to provide the quality material teachers and other knowledge seekers need. Still, teachers are dissatisfied with this resource. They are frustrated with the time-consuming manual effort to retrieve and review each link when searching for the appropriate material. This often leads to settling for ìgood enoughî content. As these collections become larger, the number of hits on a keyword based search will increase. To sustain and increase the utilization of NSDL's quality resources, it is important that a more sophisticated methodology for query and retrieval be developed. Query In Context for Educational Collections (QIC) is a research project to revolutionize individual search by shifting the burden of information overload from the user to the computer. This is accomplished through context-sensitive text mining methodologies. The major components of QIC's portable unified knowledge discovery system are context sensitive retrieval, semantic query analysis, and concept extraction. Augmenting NSDL's NCore search component with context-sensitive methodologies extends the search engine's capabilities through a modular interface. As context-sensitive text mining research learns more about the variables that support increases in user satisfaction, QIC can be extended to support online searches by minimizing human intervention and increase the relevance of search results. This research supports sustainability through increased user satisfaction. By organizing the more relevant information first, an NSDL user's time spent in the selection phase of the discovery process is reduced, which makes NSDL's quality repositories and its partners more attractive. Reducing search time should increase content utilization by encouraging repeat use. Finally, higher usage should encourage more new content which in turn will increase visitation frequency. The NSDL has supported a number of grants analyzing instructor usage of digital libraries. From this research the following key characteristics that influence instructor's search and selection behavior were identified: ? Teachers focus on domain knowledge over pedagogy in most selections. ? Teachers make use of opinion leadership, selecting content from known colleagues or recommendations by their associates. ? There's a higher frequency searching for material to augment a single class than to design a new course. This material is often used in course redesigns. ? The data also suggests a long learning curve (12 months or longer). (Manduca, Iverson, Fox, 2005) Effective searching, however, remains an issue. McMartin et al. indicated instructors search for the Ñperfect? image when preparing for a class but will often ìsettle for something that is Ñgood enough?.î This trade-off is caused by a ìlack of efficient search strategiesî and the feeling that ìsearching for materials can be time consumingî (McMartin, Iverson, Manduca, Wolf, Morgan, 2006). QIC builds on this research to develop its concept extraction module. It is expected that as collections become larger, current keyword-based search strategies will exacerbate these frustrations (Recker, M., 2006). Our research utilizes innovative ideas to design efficient information retrieval (IR) and text mining algorithms for large, multimedia libraries. QIC's goal is to minimize human intervention in the extraction process and reduce the number of contextually inaccurate results displayed. Its unique approach synthesizes user preferences, their situational context, and the informational needs to provide users with results relevant to what they want, rather than presenting Ñcookie cutter? answers. This approach will improve user effectiveness and thus satisfaction. Figure 1 illustrates context information supporting a user?s quest for information. A user's static context may include their role (student/teacher), areas of interest (science), and level of education (K-12, undergraduate, etc). Variations of this information are found in login profiles that are standard in an NSDL pathway and other digital libraries. This information does not change frequently and is considered static. Situation context provides information in terms of where and when. If the data request is made in the middle of a school term it can be inferred to be needed for a class redesign rather than a course redesign. Some studies have shown sentiment or opinion information may be extracted from recommendation systems or blog comments a user may have written in reference to material stored in the repository (Pang, Lillian, 2008 and Hu, Liu, 2004). The third category captures the user's ìinformation worldî ñ e. g. read documents and visited Web pages ñ thus reflecting the user?s interests. This is an area where the use of text mining techniques has most often been proposed (Mei, Zhai, 2006 and Raymond, 2003 and Fan, Xu, Friedman, 2007). Certain category variables, when combined with some basic rules may give insight into a user's search to improve context understanding. For example, a 5th grade science teacher from Galveston, Texas (static context variables) types ëwindí as a search variable on September 10, 2009 (situation context). We can infer this teacher is not developing a new course because the school year has just started. Most likely they are looking for resources for a lecture or assignment (rather than a test). Because of their location, Galveston Texas, we might rank hurricanes high and specifically give a high ranking to Hurricane Ike, which hit Galveston, Texas on September 1, 2008. While work has been done separately in all three context-sensitive categories, this project proposes the harmonious incorporation of all three into text mining processes and will augment them with a rules based engine. Figure 2 shows what the output might look like. By utilizing data about a user's preferences, search behavior, and information retrieved within the current session, user context-sensitive text mining should provide a more personalized ranked and grouped set of relevant information, thus reducing a user's manual effort in the discovery process. Outliers or results which may lead to accidental discovery or learning will be ranked lower but will not be removed. Organizing and managing the continuous expansion of digital data is a challenge. QIC helps by integrating digital libraries via a portable platform that supports and improves the discovery process. Techniques to order search results better serves the needs of the users which improves digital library utilization, and, ultimately, encourages the seeking of knowledge and exploration of ideas. QIC is a starting point to develop a platform portable knowledge discovery system framework that can be tailored to different types of users, content, and digital formats. Evaluations of our results will add to the current research to better understand how educators use digital libraries. This in turn will be a feedback loop to improving extractions results.

<author> Addom, Benjamin
<title> Redefining the Role of Information Brokers: The Case of Ghanaís Agricultural Innovation System and Information Communication Technologies (ICTs)
<abstract> SYNOPSIS The new information and communication technologies (ICTs) are rapidly evolving and continue to transform the modes and patterns of communication by enabling handling of information, facilitating forms of communication among human actors; between human beings and electronic systems; and among electronic systems. This has resulted in increasing potentials of intermediary institutions (information brokers) such as libraries, non-governmental organizations, international development organizations, information centers, and the traditional agricultural extension services in keeping with their missions to collect, preserve, link, and make available information to those who might need it. According to USAID (2003), understanding the place of ICTs in a developing country agriculture depends on four key concepts: i) that knowledge is an increasingly significant factor of production; ii) that all actors in the agricultural sector are part of an evolving Agricultural Knowledge System (AKS); iii) that ICTs accelerate agricultural development by facilitating knowledge management for AKS members; and iv) that ICTs are essential coordinating mechanisms in global trade. This dissertation research used a multi case study approach in three agricultural districts of Ghana to understand the current modes and patterns of communication that exists between and among local farmers?, agricultural researchers, agricultural extension agents and other intermediary organizations ? otherwise referred to here as information brokers - within the sector. The study is driven by one main research question - what is the current state of communication between and among local farmers, agricultural researchers, agricultural extension officers and other intermediary organizations in Ghana? The study also acknowledges two key sources of knowledge within the innovation system (global and local). The preliminary findings reveal that; i) there is a high production of local knowledge and innovations by the local farmers from the three cases; ii) even though the awareness of the potentials of these local innovations in scientific research and production is very high among the actors very little is being done to take advantage of them; iii) a number of research institutes and universities located within the study sites are also involve in a wide range of global/scientific research relating to agricultural production, processing and marketing; iv) but very little has changed over the years in terms of tools and modes of communication being used between and among the actors despite the increasing number of intermediary organizations; v) this has led to a very poor (if not total absent) linkage between the local knowledge and global/scientific knowledge sources; vi) and maximum use of local knowledge and practices by the local farmers with relatively very high demand for global/scientific information, knowledge and innovations for improved agricultural production. PROBLEM STATEMENT The importance of knowledge generation, exchange and use in any agricultural innovation system cannot be overemphasized. The institutions responsible for these processes include agricultural researchers, farmers, extension and other intermediary organizations. Agricultural knowledge generation has predominantly been the responsibility of the research institutes with little attention to the role of local farmers; just as the extension services was solely responsible for the transfer of technologies from the researchers to farmers. Considering the important role agriculture plays in Ghanas' economy (Dzidonu, 2002), it is critical to understand and analyze knowledge flow within the national agricultural innovation system - comprising of the local farmers, researchers, extension services and other intermediary organizations. While science and technology has heavily influenced the country?s agricultural production system for decades, there is also a huge body of literature on the value of farmers? local knowledge and innovations in agriculture (Amanor, 1994). Several studies have revealed that the emphasis is being shifted onto sharing of knowledge between technical experts and local people (Coldevin, 2003) instead of the conventional approach of ?knowledge transfer?. This is being recognized considering the special characteristics of the new ICTs to take knowledge generated from one location to another (Stiglitz, 1999; Colle and Roman, 2003). Taking into account the rich professional and scientific work that has been going on in these three areas - i) scientific knowledge in agricultural production; ii) local knowledge and farmer innovations; and iii) ICTs for development; one would have expected a synergy for employing ICTs to tap farmers? local knowledge and innovative activities back into scientific research. Empirically, however, little is known (if any) of how access to ICTs by agricultural researchers, farmers, extension officers and other intermediary organizations is being used to unearth the existing knowledge and innovative activities of local farmers. GOAL This dissertation research argues that, for a stable and vibrant agricultural innovation system in Ghana, actors need to reconsider ways by which farmers? local knowledge and innovative activities can be incorporated into scientific research for further innovations ? a situation that calls for redefining the role of the intermediary organizations. The main goal of the study therefore was to first understand the current situation, and then explore with the stakeholders, the role of the new ICTs, and how these technologies can facilitate the functions of agricultural research and extension. CONCEPTUAL FRAMEWORK The study draws and builds upon knowledge from the following interrelated concepts and fields; a) The significant contribution of scientific knowledge and innovations to agriculture (Agrawal, 1995; Andersen, 2007) through transfer of technology model (Rogers, 1962); training and visit model (Tanaka, 2007); and the current farmer field school model (Simpson and Owen, 2002); b) The value of farmers? local knowledge and innovations in agriculture in developing nations (Amanor, 1994; Kamangira, 1997; Bellon, 2001); c) The unique characteristics of the new ICTs as invaluable resources for agricultural research (ISNAR, 2003), and the driver of knowledge and information society (Okpaku, 2003; Dahlman and Aubert, 2002); and d) The process of identifying, documenting, and incorporating farmers? local innovations into scientific research for repackaging for farmers? use. The theory of absorptive capacity - the capability of any system to acquire, assimilate and exploit external knowledge was proposed by Cohen and Levnthal, (1990) and reconceptualized by Zahra and George (2002). Even though the theory has been successfully explored in firms (Cohen and Levinthal, 1990; Zahra and George, 2002); inter-firm collaborations (Stuart, 1998); and within nations (Liu and White, 1997) to understand the outcome, very little is known of the actual process of absorptive capacity. Therefore using this theory, the process by which intermediary organizations could facilitate the recognition of the value of varied knowledge sources, their acquisition, repackaging and exchange could be understood. METHODOLOGY The study was designed as a qualitative multi-case study using semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions for data collection. Secondary documents were also included in the data gathering and analysis. Three cases were used based on an existing project, and the types of crops being grown in these areas. The sites are also known of i) the presence of agricultural research institutes, ii) the history of agricultural extension work, and iii) extensive farming activities. The full research process was carried out at the first site and then repeated at the other two sites with minor changes to the instruments depending on the situation on the ground. At the end of the data collection process, three different stakeholder forums were organized at the various study sites that brought representatives of all the institutions and organizations interviewed together to confirm the data and deliberate on the recommendations of the researcher. Analysis of the trascripts is being done using content analysis software ? Atlas.ti.

<author> Rubenstein, Ellen L.
<title> Researcher Subjects: Gaining Access and Building Trust in an Online Breast Cancer Support Group
<abstract> This poster presents an analysis of some of the challenges in gaining access and building trust in an online breast cancer support group. Although the group itself is not a closed group and is freely available on the Internet, divergent participant beliefs about privacy and public access to this website, as well as conceptions of research methods and ethical concerns, offer provocative insights into the perceptions online participants have about research, the role of researchers, and the juxtaposition of researchers and subjects within the context of this particular online community.

<author> Webb, Sarah M.
<title> The Role of Public Libraries in Society: A Case Study from a Poor Suburb of Windhoek, Namibia.
<abstract> This research focused on empirical evidence to clarify the role of the public library in society. Public libraries are a particular type of information provision, where information is thought of as a public good. Ideas of information as a public good lead to discussions of the role of information and information provision in democratic societies. The researcher believes that the more we know about the roles of various information providers in society, the better we will be able to make policy for the provision of information, whether it is through market forces or through government sponsored provision.

<author> Serbanuta, Claudia; Chao, Tiffany C.; Takazawa, Aiko
<title> Save the tweets so you can understand the birds
<abstract> The emergence of Web 2.0 technologies in the digital age offers increased opportunities for worldwide information dissemination and self-expression. However, the capture, archive, and future use of this user generated content as a scholarly resource has been seldomly addressed in either the library or archive context. This poster presents a case study regarding the virtual exchanges and events that followed the April 2009 Parliamentary elections in Moldova. The civil unrest in the ex-Soviet republic was first presented in the international media as a "Twitter revolution" and the buzz 'web 2.0' label stayed with the events as they garnered the increased attention of a global public. The events, the information flow and the emotional outpouring surrounding the Moldova election were primarily manifested through Twitter. The community-driven use of this online platform to convey instantaneous coverage further illustrates the increasing use of digital spaces as a public extension for social interaction. The aggregation of these exchanges (tweets) based on a common identifier (hashtag), which links with an issue or event, presents an invaluable record of social memory with immense contextual and research value. The tweets containing the hashtag created for Moldova events (#pman) were archived by the authors. Using this raw data, we will explore the value of such information from an interdisciplinary scholarly perspective. By analyzing the #pman archive, this poster will address the following questions: What does the content in the archived messages tell us about the events from Moldova and the people involved? Who might use such an archive of user-contributed content in a future? How is preservation of this type of digital content made possible? Through the investigation of the archived Twitter content, we will explore what these messages tell the public about the events in Moldova. We will look at the depth of data contained in tweets of 140 or less characters and in the meta-information available on Twitter. The content will be mined for information on how communication and information sharing transpired. Special attention will be given to: the language used (Romanian, English, or Russian) in the same online space to describe the events; the structure of the messages (how the statements were constructed and how they circulated) and hyperlinks (the outside information sources that were attached to the messages). Patterns, observations and further areas of inquiry will be presented in the attempt to establish the value of preserving such a unique data set. Based on its social and contextual richness, this data set would be of interest to scholars from a variety of fields. During the election and subsequent protests, this content became part of not only the local but also the global community memory. It also serves as an essential resource which documents the entire scope of events for future users to confront and interpret. Our analysis of the Moldova election response demonstrates a potential application for the development of a civic society by recognizing community memory and identity, and its lasting impact on civic participation and democracy. From this perspective, the individual messages and images shared have sustainable value in the aftermath of such intense social and historical events. Inherited values of the community as well as memories of the event remain alive and continue to emerge at different levels of society as well as in individual thought, patterns which could be potentially traced through the preserved record of the #pman archive. With the limitation of 140 characters, tweets and other types of user-generated content in Web 2.0 environments have generally been considered ephemeral in nature where long term preservation of such information has not been observed. Our case study illuminates an opportunity to learn more about the preservation needs for such unique content by examining the process and the types of information that have been captured (i.e. time stamp for when tweet was posted, native language of the tweet) while also considering the additional details and components that would make this data set more robust for potential reuse by another researcher. The archiving initiatives of electronic mail that have been undertaken by government, institutional organizations, and repositories along with the emergence of online archival services that specialize in Twitter-produced content will serve as a comparative framework for determining the preservation criteria of our data set. As part of the microblogging and Web 2.0 phenomena, Twitter presents a crucial reflection of modern social culture in the digital realm. Our exploratory case study of the Moldova "revolution" shows the importance of this online venue in its capability to document informal exchanges from a worldwide network of participants on a variety of social, political and cultural issues and events as they occur and unfold. The content generated through Twitter helps to strengthen the knowledge of specific historical and social contexts if attention is directed to its preservation. Investigation of the #pman archive will reveal the depth of community participation and the impact of such a resource for long-term study while introducing a new primary source for preservation consideration. Following the Moldova elections in April, another "Twitter Revolution" complemented the Iran election protests in June 2009. The international media and public reactions were even more powerful. This time, tweets were more efficient in carrying these messages around the world as seen in the increased number of internet users archiving tweets with #iran and #iranelections. Through the construction of these archives and the provision of public access to them, the inherent value of this content is not only reflective of those thoughts and emotions expressed by the people behind the tweets but also of those individuals who sought to protect the ideas they embody.

<author> Wu, Anna; Zhang, Xiaolong; Carroll, John
<title> Sensemaking in the Space: An Alternative Design Perspective for Mobile Navigation Systems
<abstract> In this paper, we present the essential idea of an on-going project studying navigation in physical environment as sensemaking process. Initial design guidelines are proposed for discussion.

<author> Lin, Peyina
<title> Social Inclusion in High School: A baseline behavioral study to inform the design of pro-diversity technology
<abstract> While social groups and social technologies play important roles in the lives of American high school youth, it is not well understood how these two aspects structure opportunities for civic participation and shape social boundaries. This study reports work-to-date on how group and friendship structures affect high school studentsí extracurricular and civic participation. Future study phases aim at describing how social technologies, like Facebook, MySpace, instant messaging, and mobile technologies are used in friendship and extracurricular contexts, and whether social technologies affect the interrelationships between friendship structures and extracurricular participation. Expected contributions include revealing the potential of social technologies to restructure friendships and opportunities for participation from diverse youth.

<author> Jarrahi, Mohammad Hossein
<title> A Socio-Technical Analysis of the Interplay between Inter-Organizational Information Technologies and the Network Forms of Inter-Organizational Governance
<abstract> Due to rising collaborations among organizations and permeation of various ICT, Inter-organizational information systems (IOS) continue to attract scholarly attentions. The use of IOS technologies enables organizations to engage with other organizations in ways that previously seemed impossible and to present unprecedented inter-organizational arrangements. Despite their importance, little research has been conducted to conceptualize the mutual relationship between IOS technologies and new inter-organizational arrangements that are reflected in inter-organizational governance structures. In this poster, I will identify an emerging gap within the relevant literature. Then, a theoretical foundation will be presented by way of this research problem. Finally, I will discuss possible strategies to empirically investigate the research problem.

<author> Burnett, Kathleen; Bonnici, Laurie J.; Subramaniam, Manimegalai M
<title> The Study of Information Revisited: Chaos in the Emergence of Disciplinary Identity
<abstract> This research will develop time-series fractal maps of LIS and CIS. The maps will be used to trace the trajectory of Information Science from its beginnings in 1965 into the future. Following Machlup and Mansfield (1983), we plan to analyze the logical, methodological, and pragmatic relations among and between these two areas of study centered on information creation, access, distribution and use. Our goal is to facilitate understanding of the future trajectories of the discipline of Information Science, and thereby, those of LIS and CIS through systematic examination of past and present trends. Because these trends are neither linear in their progression nor take place in a vacuum, our analysis will be guided by the fractal theory developed by Andrew Abbott in Chaos of Disciplines.

<author> Rodgers, Susan Rae
<title> Technology Access and Training in Public Libraries: A pilot study of technology assistance to patrons of the Urbana Free Library
<abstract> In this extended abstract, an ongoing pilot study looking at technology assistance in the Urbana Free Library computing lab is described. The study is student driven and is an example of how a research project can provide quality service to the community in which it functions.

<author> Koh, Kyungwon
<title> Toward a Theoretical Framework for Digital Age Information Behavior of Youth
<abstract> 1. BACKGROUND Recent studies in various disciplinesósuch as Education, Communication, Media Studies, Psychology, Law, Business, Sociology, and Library and Information Studies [LIS]ósuggest that todayís young people think, learn, socialize, shape identity, and seek information differently in this digital information age, the era of Web 2.0 and of participatory culture [1]. Several terms are applied to describe members of this unique generation who are growing up immersed in digital technologies from the start of their lives, including the Net Generation, Generation M (M for Media), 21st century learners/ students, Digital Natives, and digital age youth. In general, researchers define these groups as including individuals who were born after a certain year, ranging from 1978 -1989. 2. PROBLEM STATEMENT The study assumes that contemporary youthís predominant engagement in digital media culture influences many aspects of their lives and results in some fundamental changes in their information behavior from the social constructivist point of view. For example, they use multiple media sources to seek information, are exposed to an increased array of information with diverse perspectives, actively create information, and exhibit interactive, nonlinear, and collaborative information behaviors. Since the attributes are quite different from those of traditional information behaviors, it is important to understand digital age youthís approaches to information seeking and provide information services that match their new characteristics and patterns. Yet, few theoretical frameworks and empirical studies exist to identify and explain changes in digital age youth information behavior in iField. The most recent national guidelines and standards for school libraries reflect the momentous changes for learners in the digital age, addressing multiple literacies, a continuing expansion of information and the social nature of learning facilitated by digital technology. However, youth information behavior models and frameworks have not been updated to manifest the changing notion of information literacy, which has become more complex, as well as the variety of information behaviors in youth everyday life. 3. RADICAL CHANGE THEORY The theory of Radical Change proposes that three digital age principlesóInteractivity, Connectivity, and Accessóexplain changes in youth information resources and behaviors in the digital age [2]. A typology with three types of changes, each with indicators, operationalizes the theory for identification/ explanation of changes in information resources. The theory, however, has been applied to information behavior of youth without such a typology. Therefore, the proposed study seeks to further develop the theory by establishing a typology (or model) and accompanying variables that address young peopleís (a) cognitive status, (b) identify/value negotiation and information creation, and (c) social interaction during their interaction with information. The Radical Change theory with a new model resulted from the proposed study will help understand youth information-related activities as a whole and their interrelationships, not just studies of individual tasks or search sessions isolated from the context. 4. RESEARCH PURPOSE This proposed research aims to understand contemporary young peopleís information behavior in the digital age based on a solid theoretical and empirical ground. In particular, the exploratory study focuses on new and distinctive behaviors of youth who are engaged with digital media culture. The theoretical and empirical processes of the study result in adding to the original Radical Change theory a model that identifies the key characteristics of youth information behaviors in the digital age. 5. RESEARCH QUESTIONS The studyís research questions are: 1. What are the key characteristics of youth information behavior in the digital age? 1) How do digital age youth seek information and learn? (Cognitive aspects of information seeking) 2) How do digital age youth perceive themselves and others? What part does the creation of information play in negotiating values and forming identities? (Identity, value negotiation; information creation) 3) How do digital age youth access information and seek community? (Information access; collaborative, participatory community seeking) 2. How can Radical Change theory, including a newly added model through the current study, be used to describe, explain, or predict youth information behavior? 6. METHODOLOGY The study employs a qualitative research design due to its exploratory and holistic nature. A three-phased qualitative methodology design is developed, where each phase must be conducted sequentially because the results of the previous phase will inform and lead to the specific design of the subsequent data collection and analysis. Phases One and Two are intended to answer Research Question 1 (i.e., what are the key characteristics of youth information behavior in the digital age?) and aim at creation and validation of the model of digital age youth information behavior, respectively. Phase Three applies and tests the model in a specific phenomenon of youth formation behavior in this age, focusing on Research Question 2 (i.e., how can Radical Change theory, including the new model of key characteristics, be used to describe, explain, or predict youth information behavior?). Phase One is a content analysis of existing research studies (creating a model of digital age youth information behavior). Phase Two consists of focus group interviews with a public library Teen Advisory Board, a group of approximately 8 ñ 10 youth ages 13 ñ 18, (enhancing credibility of the model from the perspective of youth). Phrase Three will be a document analysis of the ThinkQuest Web database, a collaborative online learning platform in which students work across city, state, and country borders to create learning projects. ThinkQuest students are chosen because they are actively engaged in activities using digital media; this population will provide a valid answer to the question of whether Radical Change Theory can describe, explain, or predict information behavior of digital age youth. Data to be analyzed include each element of the ThinkQuest Project, Competition, and Library, followed by online chat interviews with 3- 6 student participants who collaborate to create a ThinkQuest project. It is expected that Phase Three will demonstrate the applicability of the model to explain a specific phenomena of youth information behavior. The target population for the entire study is digital age youth in the U.S., 5 ñ 18 year olds. Students of all ages will be covered in the content analysis of research in Phase One. Phases Two and Three will focus on a sample of older youth, ages 13 ñ 18, in order to examine more active participation and interaction with digital media with relatively greater autonomy. Collected data will be analyzed using Atlas.ti software for qualitative data analysis. 7. LIMITATION/SCOPE The study does not conduct a comparative study of information behaviors between older generations and digital age youth. In order to see if some of the noticeable characteristics in todayís youth information behaviors are really new, it might be ideal to compare current young peopleís information behavior and the information behavior of older generations in their childhood, to the extent that such data is available. However, the research does not study youth information behavior historically for comparison purposes, because the goal of the study is to enhance understanding of todayís young people and serve them better. Some of the radical change characteristics identified by the study may have also existed to some extent in the past (though they are much more prevalent nowadays), but this fact does not mitigate the importance of understanding such characteristics to provide relevant library and information services for youth in the digital age. Also, the study focuses on the processes (including cognitive process) or actions while youth engage in information-related activities. Therefore, it is not intended to assess if and how information needs of todayís young people have been changing. Assessing information needs of youth in the digital age is beyond the scope of the study. 8. CONCLUSION Todayís young people are engaged in a variety of information activities, and the ways that they interact with information have changed significantly within the past two decades. It is important to understand the changing nature of youth information behavior in order to provide relevant and updated information services for youth that match their unique patterns and approaches to information. Applying the theory of Radical Change, the study suggests that contemporary youth information behavior shows distinct features due to the characteristics of the digital society, which include the digital principles of Interactivity, Connectivity, and Access proposed by the theory. Multiple phases of qualitative research develop and add a new model, which identifies key types and characteristics of digital age youth information behavior, to the Radical Change theory. The most significant scholarly contributions of the proposed research include a theoretical contribution to iField, which provides a new perspective and potential for encouraging research on youth information behavior in the digital age.

<author> Rogers, Michelle; Zach, Lisl; Dalrymple, Prudence
<title> Understanding How Vulnerable Populations Use Common Information and Communications Technologies (ICTs) to Access Health Care Information
<abstract> The goal of this study is to investigate patterns of internet access via computers and cellular telephones among the population being served by the Drexel University Eleventh (11th) Street Health Center (Here after, the Center) and to determine which Information and Communications Technologies (ICTs) will be most appropriate for delivering health care information to this population. This two-part study examines 2 concepts: 1). Which ICTs do patients at the11th Street center use to connect to the internet; 2) How these patients use the internet through the identified ICTs. Results of the project will be used to improve the ways the Center communicates with its patients by developing new approaches for using ICTs that better reflect the existing patterns of use in the population. The study will also provide researchers with a better understanding of the barriers and facilitators to internet access in this vulnerable population.

<author> Oltmann, Shannon Melody
<title> The Use and Misuse of Science: Refining the Theoretical Framework of Science Policy
<abstract> This poster examines the use and misuse of science information in the federal government. Scientific information is a vital component of policy making in the U.S. today. Stine notes that science research is ìintricately linked to societal needs and the nation?s economy in areas such as transportation, communication, agriculture, education, environment, health, defense, and jobsî [7, p. i]. In the past, the relationship between science and policy was seen as a linear process: science conducted research, collected data, and presented its findings to federal agencies, which then use that evidence to determine the best policy action [2, 5]. However, the reality of science policy is far more complex; while science is a valuable source of information, it is also problematic, since scientific data may conflict with political, moral, and economic values [5, 6, 7]. For example, if endangered fish reside in a lake, politicians may face choices between preserving the ecosystem, irrigating nearby farms, and allowing recreational use of the lake. Each choice has economic, environmental, and political ramifications. Doremus explains that ìesthetic, ecological, educational, historical, recreational, or scientificî values can all be considered relevant foundations for agency decisions [3, p. 1136]. Because of this complexity, ìthe political community and the scientific communityÖ collaborate at the boundary of politics and science over the integrity and productivity of researchî [5, p. 143]. In this conceptualization, ìgovernment cannot make good policy decisions unless the decision makers have access to, and appropriately use, the best available understanding of the factsî [4, p. 1639]. Federal agencies, like individuals, have information behaviorsóthey create, access, review, share, evaluate, and act upon information in order to formulate and assess public policy. Agencies could accept scientific conclusions and use them as the basis of policy formation. Agencies could accept the science, yet determine that it is not the best or sole basis of effective policy. Of course, agencies could reject or partially reject the science, thus creating more opportunities to basis policy on other considerations. Typical agency behavior with respect to science falls across a spectrum, with science being neither unreservedly endorsed nor discarded. While ìa scientist views science as a way of learning, a policy makerÖmay see science as the justification for a decision, a requirement of the law, a tool or impediment, or something that opposes or supports their viewpointî [1, p. 1005]. Furthermore, agency information behavior with respect to science does not exist in isolation. There is recurring interaction between science and policy. For instance, scientists who study the toxic effects of chemicals and report their conclusions to the Environmental Protection Agency, to guide agency behavior, will likely continue studying the same chemicals and providing additional information to further influence policy. How the EPA behaves with respect to the scientific information may shape future research, communication efforts, or the information behaviors of the scientists themselves. Principal-agent theory is frequently used to explain how science and policy interact. Under this approach, federal agencies, as principals, contract with science to provide needed information. Science then acts as an agent, supplying data and conclusions in exchange for funding, prestige, and other rewards [5, 6]. Principal-agent theory captures a significant portion of the interaction between science and policy, but does not reflect the entire relationship. Specifically, principal-agent theory has little to say about how agencies use scienceóthe information behaviors in which they engageóor how these information behaviors affect subsequent interaction with scientists. The theory currently does not address the problem of under-utilized or under-appreciated agents. If the agents perceive their work is not incorporated into policy, perhaps they will refuse to do further work, will begin doing shoddy work, or will attempt to subtly integrate policy advice into their work. Since these information behaviors are, in fact, a crucial part of formulating policy, they ought not be overlooked. The nature of the recurring interactions, and how they are affected by agencies? information behavior, has not been explicitly examined in the previous literature. This poster illuminates these aspects of the relationships between science and policy. Specific examples of agencies using and misusing scientific information will be drawn from the literature to illustrate the complex interactions. The full, cyclical relationship between science and policy will be portrayed, demonstrating how agencies? information behaviors may affect subsequent research and communication behaviors. This will necessarily entail a refinement of principal-agent theory as it has been applied to science policy. This research will be a valuable contribution in several ways. It brings science policyóhow scientific information is used or misusedóto the explicit attention of iSchools and their cognate fields of study. As we create technological tools and engage in policy-relevant research, we need to pay attention to how our data and conclusions may or may not be utilized. In addition, science policy can benefit from the theoretical and conceptual rigor of the trans-disciplinary research of the iSchools. Finally, the research will also test and strengthen the use of principal-agent theory as it applies to science policy. Overall, this theory has great utility, but can be refined to address more of the interaction between science and policy.

<author> Aspray, William; Hayes, Barbara
<title> Using History to Study Information Seeking Behavior
<abstract> Traditional scholarship on everyday information-seeking behavior has focused on approaches that provide a snapshot in time of what is going on in a household. This poster explores the use of history to examine changes over time in both information questions and information sources used in the prosecution of everyday life activities in America. The study is based on identifying endogenous and exogenous forces to the activity at hand, and seeing how these forces cause change. A secondary question raised in this poster is the largely unexamined belief that the Internet has played an exceptional role in changing the nature of everyday information seeking behavior in America. The case of 100 years of car buying in America is used as a particular example, drawn from a larger study of nine everyday American activities.

<author> Marsden, Janet
<title> Using Maps for Virtual Collaboration: Implementing a Framework for Visually Enabled Geocollaboration
<abstract> The purpose of this study is to test whether the use of graphic information interfaces such as maps and simulations can enhance the general publicís understanding of scientific data and risk analysis, improve communication and virtual collaboration, and lead to environmental decision making that is less positional and more consensual. The research will be located in upstate New York in the Adirondack Park region, and will focus on land use proposals such as cellular telephone tower installations within and near the Parkís Blue Line that have been issues of contention. This design-based research study proposes to investigate the use of geospatial and telecommunications technologies (webdeployed maps and simulations) for presenting scientific data and analyses in a way that balances stakeholdersí interests and promotes understanding. The research addresses the need for empirically-based guidelines for presenting the results of scientific inquiry to the public to support rational decision-making. The investigation will result in more effective virtual collaboration between civic leaders, planners and communities, leading to better ways to engage stakeholders on a broad range of environmental and urban planning, resource management, and education issues through leveraging geospatial and telecommunications technologies.

<author> Van Wart, Sarah; Manoochehri, Michael; Gandomi, Nathan
<title> Using Paper Maps for Geospatial Data Collection
<abstract> Geo-spatial information is important for a variety of decisionmaking, planning, marketing, and development activities. Yet, in the developing world, there are significant challenges to collecting this data, including poor network infrastructure, the lack of availability and trained operators of hand-held devices, and the difficulty in finding specialists who can effectively organize spatial data. This project explores the possibility of using a simpler GIS data collection methodology ñ annotating paper maps ñ in order to both simplify the data collection process, and capture more qualitative data. Through interviews, prototyping, and testing, we hope to design a viable proof of concept that can both support existing GIS data collection efforts, and lower the barrier to entry for additional organizations to collect geo-spatial data and conducting analyses.

<author> Lian Jian
<title> Using Prediction Markets to Motivate Public Participation in Patent Examination
<abstract> The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) is overburdened with a large volume of patent applications while having limited resources to conduct patent examinations. The patent examination process is too long and the quality of issued patents is questioned by the public. We propose to alleviate these problems by setting up prediction markets for each pending patent. In these prediction markets, traders buy and sell bets for the outcomes of patent examinations. Our proposed prediction markets can create social value in two ways. First, they generate forecasts about the likelihood of the pending patents being granted. Before the USPTO completes the examination, decision makers in need of information about the outcome of the patent examination can use these forecasts to make strategic decisions about research and development plans, or investments in the technologies being patented. Second, our proposal creates explicit incentives for public participation in the patent examination process. The proposed prediction markets reward traders with insights into the pending patent, potentially motivating traders to independently perform prior art search --- a central task in evaluating patentability. The USPTO can then collect these prior art for reference by giving small rewards to traders who submit relevant prior art.

<author> Sharif, Raed M.
<title> The Value of Public Sector Information as a Strategic Resource for Socioeconomic Development Research and Policy Activities in South Africa
<abstract> Although it has always been an important asset to those who posses it, in the current knowledge society, information is considered as one of the most important goods in our daily life (Machlup, 1962; Porat, 1977; Mueller 1995; Stiglitz, 2000). At the same time, the public sector is the biggest single producer and owner of a large variety of information (e.g., health and geographic information, financial reports, social and economic statistics, legislation and judicial proceedings, food and water resources information, and many other kinds of data and information, collectively referred to as Public Sector Information). Public Sector Information (PSI) represents an important resource with vast socio-economic potential to different communities. According to Horton (2002) diffusing public information and knowledge resources efficiently and effectively is essential to: ï ìSustaining the competitive competency of the countryís businesses and industries, in both domestic and global marketplaces; ï Attaining the highest levels of educational excellence for all the nationís children and adults in a lifelong learning context; ï Enabling citizens to participate more effectively in all facets of a democratic society; ï Informing public officials at all levels of government so that they can enact better laws, formulate and enact enlightened public policies, monitor the programs they authorize effectively, and govern fairly, equitably, and wisely; and, ï Enhancing the quality of life of all a countryís citizens, including responsibility to the special government information needs of disadvantaged and disabled individuals.î (p.3) For example, governments can use this strategic resource to make sound policies and to promote transparency and accountability; and private sector can use it to produce innovative products and services, which in turn can contribute to the nationís economy. As for citizens, PSI is essential for exerting their civic rights and enabling democratic participation. For civil society organizations, PSI can be a strategic resource for their work, especially in areas such as poverty eradication, public health, food security, disaster management, and governance, where the combination of different types of PSI (e.g., geo-spatial, economic, and health data) can be of tremendous value for successful targeting and support of marginalized communities. Finally, scientific and policy research communities benefit tremendously from the PSI. The list of benefits to the community includes the promotion of interdisciplinary, inter-sector, interinstitutional, and international research. It is especially important for these communities when their research and activities are focused on socioeconomic development issues. My study focuses on this last community. In this poster presentation I share and discuss the preliminary analysis and initial findings from the data I collected during my six months fieldwork in South Africa for my dissertation titled: The Value of Public Sector Information as a Strategic Resource for Socioeconomic Development Research and Policy Activities in South Africa. In this study I investigate whether, and if so how, PSI is utilized by South African organization working in the area of socioeconomic development research. More specifically, my study aims to answer the following questions: - To what extent and in what ways is PSI utilized by research organizations? - What characteristics and conditions of the PSI facilitate or hinder its acquisition and assimilation? - What organizational conditions enable successful exploitation of PSI by these organizations? Employing a qualitiative, multiple-case approach (Yin, 2003), I draw upon literature from the fields of economics of information and organizational studies. I use literature from economics of information to understand the differences between public vs. private information and the importance of external information to organizational innovation; and literature from organizational studies, particularly about absorptive capacity (Cohen & Levinthal, 1990), to understand the organizationsí processes to identify, acquire (including factors that facilitate or hinder access and acquisition), assimilate, and exploit this strategic resource. My case studies explore how these organizations transform PSI from a source of potential value to a source of actual value to their socioeconomic development research. I also use ideas from organizational learning (Argyris & Schˆn, 1978; Huber, 1991) and organizational innovation (March & Simons, 1958) literatures to help me better understand the organizational conditions (internal and external) for successful utilization of the PSI. Mainly qualitative data were collected from these research organizations through in-depth, semi-structured interviews and document analysis over a period of six months. My initial analysis suggests that the PSI represents a very strategic resource to the development work of these organizations ( especially for what purposes and in what areas this resource is being used), uncovers very important obstacles facing these organizations in identifying, acquiring, and utilizing the South Africa PSI, and documents some best practices and organizational factors that facilitate these processes. It is expected that the discussions and findings of this study will have theoretical and policy contributions, and will be of special importance to organizations working in the area of socioeconomic development research, the government of South Africa (and hopefully governments in other developing countries), and subsequently to the people of South Africa.

<author> Burnett, Gary; Burnett, Kathleen; Kazmer, Michelle M.; Marty, Paul F.; Stvilia, Besiki; Hinnant, Charles C.; Worrall, Adam
<title> Virtual Scientific Teams: Life-Cycle Formation and Long- Term Scientific Collaboration
<abstract> Researchers will model the lifecycles of virtual multidisciplinary scientific teams using the facilities of the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory, an interdisciplinary scientific center with distributed facilities in Tallahassee, Florida; Gainesville, Florida; and Los Alamos, New Mexico. The model will be built from data collected through descriptive multiple-case studies, grounded in an analysis of social and organizational factors related to the concepts of the theory of information worlds: social norms, social types, information values, and information behaviors (Burnett & Jaeger, 2008; Jaeger & Burnett, in press). The researchers hypothesize that when the norms and practices of multiple external worlds represented by team members are integrated into the internal norms and practices of the team itself, the outcomes of the project will more likely be successful, and team members will be more likely to work together virtually again.

<author> Mandel, Lauren H.
<title> Wayfinding in the Labyrinthine Library: A Mixed Methods Study Investigating Public Library User Wayfinding Behavior
<abstract> -

<author> Joo, Soohyung
<title> A Web Link Structure of the American Library & Information Science Field: A Pilot Study
<abstract> 1. INTRODUCTION Web link analysis has become one of the methods to delineate a communication structure among different scholars or organizations with the advent of the Web. This study represents a pilot investigation of the Web space in the Library and Information Science (LIS) field using social network analysis techniques. By relying on collected in- and out-link data using a hyperlink crawler and analyzing the directed hyperlink data between Web sites in the LIS field using different techniques, this study tried to explore the structure of the Web space in the field of LIS. Also, this study investigated which Web sites play a central role in communication in the Web space, along with the dependency between Web sites. As an exploratory study, the entire breadth of LIS-related Web sites was not covered. 2. RESEARCH QUESTIONS This study attempts to address three research questions in relation to Web space analysis of the LIS field: 1) Which sites will be located in the central region of the LIS Web space, as measured by link analysis? 2) What types of dependency patterns emerge among the Web sites? 3. METHODOLOGY 3.1 Data collection Twenty-four Web sites were selected, which include relevant scholarly and professional organizations, government institutions, and American LIS schools. For scholarly and professional organizations, representative organizations were chosen such as the American Library Association (ALA), the American Society for Information Science & Technology (ASIS&T), and the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA). Fourteen LIS schools accredited by ALA were also selected. Table 1 shows the 24 research objects in this study, and the ID (code) used in an italic font to represent the Web site of the institution. <Table 1> The list of 24 research objects In- and out-link data for the 24 Web sites were collected using a Web crawler that was designed to collect the hyperlinks to external domains. The data collection was conducted in February 2009. The crawling depth was set to the fourth level in the study. Even though the fourth level of depth did not necessarily reflect the whole structure of Web site, it would be acceptable for an initial investigation of this topic. 3.2 Analysis techniques For this pilot study, two approaches were identified. 1)In-link and Out-link Visualization: First, to understand the overall Web space structure of the LIS field, the in- and out-link data were visualized using Netdraw software (http://www.analytictech.com/Netdraw/netdraw.htm), which was developed for social network studies. 2)Degree Centrality Test: For more detailed investigation of the characteristics of each node, a degree centrality test was included. Centrality in network analysis can be used to quantify an individual node?s prominence, influence or dependency using in-degree and out-degree measures. In-degree refers to the number of in-links, whereas out-degree refers to the number of out-links. In network analysis, in-degree represents how prestigious a node is because it indicates how many links a node receives from other nodes[1]. 4. RESULTS An in- and out-link matrix was creating using the external link crawler. The total number of hyperlinks (in-links and out-links) among the twenty four nodes up to the fourth level of each site was 7,898. Table 2 summarizes the descriptive statistics of the asymmetric in- and out-link matrix. The average number of hyperlinks between two nodes was 14.31 with a standard deviation of 41.39. The ala node had the largest number of in-links and out-links, totaling 2,156 and 1,147 links, respectively. This reveals that the ALA site is the most frequently linked with others in the LIS Web space. The second largest node was loc , with 1,247 in-links and 1,122 out-links. Third was asis&t with a total of 1,096 in- and out links. The matrix revealed that the average number of in- and out-links was larger in organizational nodes rather than in school nodes. The average number of links of each organizational node was 474.13, whereas the average links of each school node was 212.65. From this we can deduce that the organizational nodes have more in-links (6,683) than out-links (4,222), while the school nodes have more out-links (3,676) than in-links (1,215). <Table 2> Descriptive statistics of in- and out-link asymmetric matrix data Figure 1 shows the visualization of the links among the twenty-four nodes. For the layout of nodes, the spring embedding algorithm, which provides an easily legible layout based on node repulsion concept, was applied with equal edge lengths. Since the spring embedding algorithm method considers distance as dissimilarity between nodes, we could interpret similarity among nodes from the output. In this figure, the red node indicates the organizational node and the blue node indicates the school node, and the size of node suggests the number of in-links. The arrow line indicates the link and its direction, and the width of the line reflects the frequency of links between two nodes. The most notable finding was that most organizational nodes such as ala , asis&t , oclc , loc and ifla were located at the center of the space, whereas most school sites such as slis.cua , ci.fsu , slis.kent , lis.simmons , sis.utk and is.pitt were located at the periphery. A relatively distinct core/peripheral structure was apparent, where the core area consisted of organizational sites and the peripheral area consisted of school sites. Then the most prominent node was ala which had the largest size of node and the most frequent connections with other nodes. This suggests the ALA site serves as a core communicator in the LIS Web space. In addition, we can see the ala node sends and receives links to all other nodes, and the widths of those lines are relatively thicker. Furthermore, the four representative LIS related organizations, ala , asis&t , oclc and loc , located in close proximity to one another. Also, we can observe that archives and saa , which relate to the archives field, are located adjacently. <Figure 1> A linkage visualization of a Web structure of the LIS field in America To investigate the dependency patterns in the LIS Web space, the Freeman?s centrality degree index values were calculated for each node. The higher in-degree centrality indicates a node gets higher attention by other nodes, whereas the higher out-degree centrality implies a node is more like to be dependent on other nodes in a Web space[1]. Table 3 shows the degree centrality in the LIS Web space. Regarding the in-degree centrality, the top eight nodes turned out to be the organizational sites. Similar to the outputs of the descriptive analyses, we see that the organizational sites receive higher numbers of in-links from other sites. Also, we find that most organizational nodes have higher in-degree centrality than out-degree centrality. Conversely, we find that most of the school sites have higher out-degree centrality than in-degree centrality. This pattern implies that the school sites are dependent on other sites in the Web space. In particular, the slis.indiana node ranks third in out-degree centrality but fifteenth in the in-degree centrality, which indicates high dependency. From this degree centrality analysis, we are able to confirm the dependency propensity of school sites on organizational sites. <Table 3> Freeman's degree centrality measures 5. CONCLUSION This study investigated the Web space of the LIS field using social network analysis techniques. The findings show that the organizational sites have more in- and out-links than school sites. The visualized network diagram of the LIS Web space imply most organizational sites are located near the center region, whereas most school sites are positioned in peripheral areas. Also the centrality analyses reveal that higher prominence of organizational sites than school sites and higher dependency propensity of school sites than organizational sites. The findings of this study yield some insights in Web site evaluations, especially how to incorporate Web space structure in a specific field to evaluate the importance of Web sites in a specific field. How a specific Web site is situated in a Web space suggests a dynamic approach to evaluate the importance or influence of Web sites in relation to other sites. Also, the application of centrality measures such as degree, closeness and betweenness centrality utilized in social network analyses is useful for evaluating Web sites. This study also has its limitations. First, even though the sample represents a selection of organizations and schools from the LIS field, the number of research objects could be enlarged to provide a more complete picture of LIS Web space. Second, the data did not represent the entirety of each site since the limitation of the crawling level. For more complete analysis, the depth of crawling could be deeper to reflect the full content of Web sites. Based on this pilot study, further research to implement Web space analysis with a larger dataset is anticipated.

<author> Weber, Nicholas
<title> Which Life-Cycle? Data Curation and Records Management Education
<abstract> In this poster I will present the two life-cycle models of records management and data curation. I will use these figures to compare and contrast the two disciplines, and ultimately suggest where they might benefit from future educational collaborations.

<author> de Richemond, Jeanette
<title> Work in Progress: What is "Enough"?
<abstract> This poster presents dissertation work in progress on the question of ìenough.î The research focus is the assessment of ìenoughî information to make a decision, in particular a medical decision determining the diagnosis of a patient. ìEnoughî is considered ìenoughî information to facilitate making a decision or taking an action. Qualities of qualities of ìenoughî are identified and described by analyzing case reports published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Findings are reported, and contribute to the development of a conceptual model of factors contributing to ìenough.í

<author> Smith, Catherine L.; Wacholder, Nina
<title> Why do users neglect suggestions?: Effects of semantic relatedness and task on word recognition
<abstract> We report work in progress on the question ìWhy do searchers frequently fail to use potentially valuable query suggestions?î [1,2]. We hypothesize that failure is due, at least in part, to interference with the searcherís ability to recognize a semantic relationship between the words used in a query and the words in a suggestion. In our study, we measure semantic priming as an indicator of a searcherís recognition of relationships between words. This poster presents preliminary results from one experiment in the study.

<author> Jones, Greg; Warren, Scott
<title> 3D Virtual Environment Impact on Course Delivery
<abstract> This session will present and discuss the use of a 3D virtual online learning environment being used since 2002 to deliver and support courses in the Dept of Learning Technologies, College of Information, University of North Texas. The use of the 3D system provides significant increases to student satisfaction, course discussions, and increased rapport among students and with the instructor. This session will present research and discuss how the custom 3D system UNT is using provides more appropriate tools than commercially available environments for supporting course delivery. Research conducted between 2002 and 2007 examined user discourse, message flow, and exchange frequency in Web-only courses, blended courses, and then the same types of courses extended with a 3D online learning environment. The purpose of the study was to examine the impact that a 3D online learning environment has on discourse with Web-only and blended courses. Findings from the study suggest that the addition of a 3D online learning environment to both Web-only and blended courses demonstrates the ability to more rapidly create rapport among users, which translates into accelerated discourse that occurs earlier in and sustains itself longer and throughout the semester.

<author> Lin, Xia; He, Daqing; Mon, Lorri; Pomerantz, Jeffrey; Zhao, Haozhen
<title> Developing a Collaborative Sandbox for Digital Library Research
<abstract> -

<author> Tapia, Andrea; MacInnes, Ian
<title> Games in the iSchools
<abstract> Gaming is a rapidly growing new medium with sales surpassing box office and music revenues. Gaming provides a method of interacting with information in ways that static, non-participatory information containers cannot provide. Libraries, for example, are supporting gaming activities and educators are integrating gaming in new ways. Most young people (and many older ones) are drawn to gaming activities for leisure, sometimes by themselves, but more often, through sharing the same physical or virtual space with others. Gaming, once relegated to the back rooms and basements, is now discussed frequently on the news and at the dinner table. This phenomenon has also captured the attention of iSchool researchers. Some scholars are exploring the information spaces in which gamers live and support their activities. Others explore ways in which gaming can be used to teach traditional skills, while some look at how gaming illustrates new types of information literacy not easily teachable in a traditional lecture-style format. Some support the gaming creation process through working with industry or developing ways that youth programs facilitate game creation and shared experiences. As libraries support gaming activities, researchers are exploring this intersection to understand how gaming can be effectively used. There is also a growing body of research on gaming relevant to iSchool areas such as information and telecommunications management. Academic conferences including AMCIS and HICSS have had mini-tracks on the subject for many years. There have been several calls for papers for journal special issues on related topics, particularly the growth of online multiplayer environments as a new medium of communication. Virtual worlds, which originated as large scale open ended games, have grown in popularity to the point where they are becoming increasingly mainstream. This trend will strengthen as technological advances make these environments increasingly compelling. The increasing use of gaming technologies requires greater attention from academia. Examples of topics that can be studied include business models, the digital persona, HCI elements, mobile gaming, online addiction, the purpose and value of recreational gaming in libraries, and virtual item property rights. A number of universities have recognized gaming as an area of high industry and student demand. The iSchools are a natural home for this type of activity but we are currently behind traditional fields such as education, performing arts, engineering, and communication in building research, industry funding, and academic programs. The goal of this roundtable is to attract iSchool researchers who are exploring gaming research projects. This will be a sharing roundtable, with the hope of allowing researchers to make connections between schools and across disciplines. Those looking to get involved in gaming research are also welcome to attend and discover potential partnerships. Two similar roundtables were held at the 2008 and 2009 iConferences. Both were well attended and identified several collaboration opportunities. The field continues to grow and generate interest in many areas of universities. One goal will be to foster the possibility of creating multi-disciplinary and multi-institutional grant proposals that will allow iSchools to take their turn at the gaming table.

<author> Yeo, ShinJoung; Jacobs, James R.
<title> Gone today Here tomorrow: assuring access to government information in the digital age
<abstract> Gone today Here tomorrow: assuring access to government information in the digital age The issues of access to and preservation of government information are critical to the proper functioning of a democracy. Since 1860, there has been a system in place to insure public access to government information through a partnership between the Government Printing Office (GPO) and the hundreds of libraries in the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP). For 150 years, the Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP) has assured that citizens had access to information by and about their government. We are now at a critical juncture. For the last 20 years, more and more government information has been available online, but that information has become more and more ephemeral. Approximately 95% of government information is now digital only, but less and less is controlled or distributed by the Government Printing Office (GPO). An estimated 44% of Web sites that existed in 1998 disappeared within one year. The average life span of a Web site is less than 75 days. "Fugitive" documents -- those within the scope of the FDLP but not collected or distributed by the GPO and therefore not preserved by FDLP libraries -- are a rapidly expanding problem in the digital world. Worse, just as the US government is harnessing its "information economy" and "information society," it has gradually and systematically expanded its efforts to restrict and privatize government information produced by taxpayers' money -- aided in no small part by powerful private economic and political forces. Since 1980 a significant number of government publications and information has been privatized, repackaged, bought and sold in the market place. From 1981 - 1998, the American Library Association published a series called Less Access to Less Information by and about the U.S. Government, a chronology of efforts to restrict and privatize government information (http://freegovinfo.info/library/lessaccess). FDLP libraries have been a bulwark against this gradual shift but they are losing the battle against this digital wave. Some within and outside the library community see the FDLP system as a dated model not appropriate in the digital world, but the concept of a peer-to-peer, redundant and distributed digital FDLP system is still one of the most effective ways to preserve, authenticate and provide access to government information. This system will include the continuation of GPO distribution through the concept of digital deposit of government information (GPO distributing digital files just as it has done with other formats for many years) as a key means of preserving government information, giving widespread access to that information through complimentary collections and digital interfaces, and protecting users? privacy in what they read and access online. While access to government information is at risk due to weakening FDLP system, privatization and the ephemeral nature of the Web, the Obama administration has been pushing the idea of government transparency as one of his administration's key political agenda points. However, there has been little public discussion of public policy on a long term access to and preservation of government information. In addition, spurred by Obama's use of social networking software for his historical campaign, government agencies have started to use commercial social networking software to distribute government information. There is a minefield of issues involved with the current administration's push for transparency embedded in Web2.0 technologies. Government information is in the public domain by law, but what about government information stored in the cloud and not on .gov servers. Who owns the information? Is it possible to preserve and access that information long into the future? Who is going to protect citizens' privacy to access government information? We often celebrate information technologies without considering the deeper social and political implications but these questions urgently need to be addressed within libraries, academia and public interest groups. There have been attempts to address these issues within library communities and various interest groups but there has been little coherent effort to reach out to the wider academic communities. Despite the increased democratic potential of digital government information and information technologies in accessing government information, erosion of the current FDLP system, privatization, use of commercial software, cloud computing, and the lack of specific government policies based on public interests have been endangering citizens' access to government information and future of democracy. As more government information is available online, access for users has changed; this round table will discuss the effect of this on users and how librarians and academics might deal with these changes for future generations of citizens attempting to get information from their government. We will also discuss the critical issues involved and the roles that we envision for the various stakeholders to collect, distribute, and preserve government information in the digital age. It is crucial to engage in critical dialogue with various government information stakeholders -- librarians, scholars, citizens, journalists, technologists, and information activists. We hope that this round table will bring those players together for a critical discussion of the various issues surrounding government information in the digital age. Questions that will guide/facilitate the discussion: What are economic and political forces behind digital distribution of government? What are the consequences? What kinds of public policies are needed to secure access and preserve to government information? What are technical elements needed to assure long-term access to and preservation of digital government information? What are the roles of libraries and academia in providing and preserving government information in the digital age? Does the shift in medium change the roles of libraries? What are the requirements and conditions to creating a digital FDLP ecosystem? Are there any other models that should be pursued? Proposed round table participants: Steven Aftergood, Director, Project on Government Secrecy James R. Jacobs, Govt Information Librarian, Stanford University Carl Malamud, President and Founder of Public.Resource.Org (http;//public.resource.org) Patrice McDermott, Director, OpenTheGovernment (http://www.openthegovernment.org/article/subarchive/91) ShinJoung Yeo, PhD candidate in LIS and Information in Society Fellow, University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign

<author> Xu, Heng
<title> Interdisciplinary Research Agenda on Privacy 2.0
<abstract> Online social networks (OSNs) brought the voluntary disclosure of personal information to the mainstream, rendering the potential intrusion of privacy a critical and acute concern. The main objective of this roundtable is to address the need for a paradigm shift in understanding and addressing usersí privacy risks in the Web 2.0 environment with a focus on OSNs. The discussion themes are to: (1) deepen the theoretical understanding of privacy in the context of OSNs, (2) identify privacy intervention strategies for users to prevent privacy threats, and (3) promote privacy awareness.

<author> Yen, John; Unsworth, John; Weiss, Martin; Giacobe, Nick; Reilly, Maeve; Hall, David; Stanton, Jeffrey M.; Shumaker, Wade; Marchionini, Gary; Maslowski, Tony
<title> iSchools and the DARPA Network Challenge
<abstract> In celebration of the 40th anniversary of the internet, DARPA launched the Network Challenge to explore issues related to social networking, collaboration, and trust. The iSchools viewed this as an excellent opportunity to achieve multiple goals: (1) to conduct a collaborative research project of interests across multiple iSchools, (2) to enhance the visibility of the iSchools, (3) to collect data for future research regarding social networking and extreme events, whether they occur in the physical space or in the cyber space, (4) to participate the challenge to win. The iSchools DARPA Challenge Team was thus formed.

<author> Poler, Omar; Johnson, Christina LPW; Phan, Catherine
<title> LIS Education and Tribal Libraries, Archives, and Museums
<abstract> This roundtable discussion will explore the unique value of incorporating Indigenous information issues in LIS education. Moreover, the discussion will elicit participants' own experience in LIS education while raising awareness regarding this important topic. The discussion will provide a forum for participants to network, share ideas for advancing Indigenous information in iSchools, and consider how the study of tribal cultural institutions and knowledge often forces a reassessment of traditional LIS education.

<author> Keilty, Patrick; Dean, Rebecca
<title> Mapping the Intersections of Information Studies and Gender and Sexuality Studies
<abstract> The interdisciplinary nexus of information studies, gender, and sexuality studies will be explored in a panel presented in a roundtable format. Fitting with this yearís theme of ìiMPACTSî this roundtable discussion will promote ongoing and needed discourse of queer, feminist, gay and lesbian critique in relation to information, digital, and archival paradigms.

<author> Dresang, Eliza T.; Burnett, Kathleen; Capps, Janet Lee
<title> Measuring IMPACT of Early Childhood Information Literacy Programs on Children
<abstract> This roundtable discussion proposal supports the IMPACT theme of the conference as well as the conference area of interest in ìInformation behavior: theoretical, empirical and methodological advances in everyday life settings. . ..information literacy.î It complements the new research stream for papers developed by the Associate Deans for Research of the iSchools, ìMeasuring Research Impact.î And it brings focus on a user group, very young children, who are often overlooked in information research The proposal for this discussion stems from an initiative in the state of Washington, which appears to have an exemplary and unique program for providing early learning, particularly early information literacy programs, in which libraries, public and school, play a leadership role. To find out whether what appears to be the case is indeed the case, the University of Washington Information School, the Washington Early Learning Public Library Partnership (ELPLP) consisting of 25 urban, suburban, and rural library systems, the Washington Foundation for Early Learning (FEL), a non-profit organization supporting early childhood development, and the Florida State University College of Communication and Information, have joined forces. The ELPLP, FEL, as well as a cabinet-level Department of Early Learning, appear to be unique to Washington. In September, the four partner institutions, with the University of Washington as the lead, received a one-year National Leadership Planning Grant from the Institute for Museum and Library Services to develop a plan to assess or measure the impact on children of the early childhood literacy programs in which Washington libraries are involved. This partnership is firmly committed to developing a national model that includes an assessment of the impact (rather than the inputs) of library-related early learning programs on children The researcher submitting this proposal developed, with other colleagues, a method for assessing impact of technology use in libraries for older children in the early part of this decade (see Dresang et al. Dynamic Youth Services through Outcome Based Planning and Evaluation). Although certain components of that model might apply to early learners, in general it is not developmentally appropriate for this age group. Aspects of this round table discussion that will interest various iSchools Conference participants include --reflection on the information needs of a user group that does not appear often in iSchool research, preliterate children and how information literacy is provided to these young users -- proposed research methods, some of which are uncommon in the field of information, e.g., Bayseian networks, a statistical method involving probability of certain observable behaviors in relation to achieving desired learning outcomes -- a tool that the doctoral candidate (Capps) is developing to measure core knowledge of early literacy providers (an input that will surely affect the outcome) -- insight into a unique and very strong collaborative community partnership with library leadership that focuses on research results as a primary goal -- the opportunity to contribute ideas to a multi-year informationrelated project that is under development.

<author> Duarte, Marisa Elena; Belarde-Lewis, Miranda; Krebs, Ally
<title> Native Systems of Knowledge: Indigenous Methodologies in Information Science
<abstract> 1. INTRODUCTION Study of Native systems of knowledge involves examining the institutions, community practices, philosophies and policies around knowledge, information, and technology that support Indigenous and tribal sovereignty. For Indigenous peoples, the realities of colonialism reverberate in the management, representation, and design of information systems and services in Indigenous and tribal communities. Questions of who manages, owns, controls, and accesses Indigenous information systems and knowledge are crucial in understanding the relationship between economic and educational conditions in Indigenous communities, and global and local policies around information systems, intellectual property, and sovereignty. Anticolonial and decolonizing research strategies offer one way to leverage Indigenous knowledges to support autonomy and sovereignty. In this roundtable, we will discuss how colonialism manifests in research on information with Indigenous communities, and strategies for designing and conducting anticolonial and decolonizing research. The panel will present the following: 1) Three examples of research in information science utilizing Indigenous methodologies. 2) Relevant theoretical frameworks. 3) A discussion on how Indigenous methodologies grounds the study of information in the context of globalization. 2. PANELIST TOPICS Through discussion of three different studies of information in the Indigenous context--data visualization, information as ideology, and institutional information practicesóthe panelists can speak to broader issues informing Native systems of knowledge, development of an Indigenous consciousness, and how government relationships shape information systems and services for tribal peoples. 2.1 Indigenous Information Visualization Information visualization is a process that transforms data, information and knowledge into a form that relies on the human visual system to perceive its embedded information. [1] The transformation of tribally specific knowledge into visual form has been happening in Indigenous and tribal communities since time immemorial, yet has largely been erroneously perceived and has been limited in its categorization as ìart.î The visual literacy required to read the embedded codes of Native ìartî present two major questions: 1) how does being literate in these visual means of communication, tribal history and knowledge help to shape, reinforce and assert a specific tribal identity, and 2) how does the storing, teaching, and access to the visual representations of a specific cultural group influence the narratives, stereotypes and literature about that group? [2] Broader implications of sovereignty, intellectual property, and traditional knowledge are encompassed in the study of Indigenous information visualization, especially when the perspective is from the community that is being visually represented in a variety of contexts. 2.2 Information in the Indigenous Consciousness Scholars are analyzing the power dynamics inherent in information and knowledge structures, and research and technology development in Indigenous communities as a manifestation of imperialism. [3] This is evident in information and knowledge structures that objectify, decontextualize, or misrepresent the political reality of Indigenous peoples. [4] As a result of common experiences among different Indigenous communities dealing with non-Indigenous research teams and agencies implementing information policies and technologies, an Indigenous consciousness is being developed that sharply criticizes organizations with neo-liberal agendas. [5] [6] A core body of work is needed to address problems of information from the perspective of a critical Indigenous consciousness such that knowledge gained from research can enable Indigenous sovereignty and autonomy while also contributing to the broader discussion about the function, ethics, and methods of research and policy-making around information and technology in the globalized world. 2.3 Indigenous Information Ecologies Indigenous information ecology diverges from Western information ecology in a number of significant ways. Initiatives by professional information organizations, including the American Library Association Traditional Cultural Expression policy, and the Society of American Archivists Protocols for Native American Archives are creating policy within this zone of divergence. [7] Although Western information practice is supported by existing legal and policy formulations, Indigenous customary law and policy has traditionally been defined by non-Indigenous scholars and practitioners. Today there are more than 300 tribal libraries, archives and museums, as well as tribal colleges, policy institutes, and legal institutions that are implementing Indigenous solutions to information challenges. [8] These manifestations of Indigenous praxis show how information impacts tribal sovereignty, language, land claims, traditional knowledge, research protocols, and ethics. [9] Utilizing online, blended learning platforms helps communities articulate Indigenous information and knowledge management practices. 2.4 Potential Questions Indigenous methodologies examine the relationships between individuals, communities, places, practices, and technologies. To clarify, we may pursue the following questions: ï How can non-Indigenous researchers utilize Indigenous methodologies? ï How do Indigenous methodologies intersect with issues of diversity, anti-oppression, and other critical theoretical frameworks? ï What are the commonalities between Indigenous methodologies and frameworks offered by community informatics, socio-technical systems analysis, and participatory research methods? The discussion will introduce participants to ways of thinking about information science research from an Indigenous point of view, as well as ways that information science methodologies might be enhanced by Indigenous methods.

<author> Williams, Kate
<title> Research Methods in Community Informatics at the Broadband Moment
<abstract> This proposed roundtable will present and explore a range of research methods for community informatics. As a multidisciplinary field, community informatics methods are varied and complementary. As an emerging field with fuzzy boundaries, community informatics can benefit from debate and cross fertilization with research that examines similar phenomena, but does not call itself community informatics. Up to now, the dominant approach in community informatics has been the ethnographic case study method, participant or involved observation. A small number of scholars are using archives and other documents and records, retrieving or repurposing data for studies of multiple cases. Still others use surveys, interviews, and government datasets to examine a large number of cases. February 2010 is a special moment to reflect on methodology for community informatics. Close to $7.2 billion in stimulus spending is being awarded to bring broadband, public computer centers, and broadband adoption programs to local communities. This is expected to result in an explosion of community informatics activity which could be the subject of expanded community informatics research. The U.S. Departments of Commerce and Agriculture and the Federal Communications Commission are debating what data to collect from this activity, what data to share and how. They are searching for ways to encourage research to inform the nation?s technology policy. A national broadband plan is to be announced in February. Community informatics may be able to make an advance in the wake of these developments if we can pool our methodological knowhow and turn up the power of our microscopes. This moment has an echo in the origins of community informatics. In the 1990s, community informatics rode a wave of investment in community technology that came from federal agencies, philanthropies, and (primarily hi-tech) corporations. Today the national broadband policy discussion includes debate over what methods and metrics should guide research. Community informatics in the I-Schools has a role to play in this debate. Six scholars will describe the methods they have used in order to answer the fundamental question ?How do communities compute?? The focus here is primarily but not only on local communities and communities of interest within those local communities. There are three aspects to this question: a. What is community? How is it measured? b. What is informatics? What are the metrics of access and use of digital tools? c. What theories explain these data? There are two goals for the panel: 1. Methodological breadth: We?ll consider diverse types of data and explore how standardization could lead to greater comparability. 2. Methodological depth: We?ll consider the utility of multiple research methods to examine the same case or sample of cases. Six i-school faculty-scholars will participate on the panel, and the chair will be Allen Renear, Associate Dean for Research at the University of Illinois. 1. Lynette Kvasny, Penn State University. Lynette Kvasny will discuss ethical dilemmas that were raised during her CI fieldwork with a small business association in West Philadelphia. 2. Chris Coward, University of Washington. Chris will describe a multiple methods approach currently being employed for a 5-year study to assess the social and economic impacts of public access computing across eight countries. Methods include national inventories and classification of centers, operator and user surveys, and a series of in-depth studies that use ethnographic, quasi-experimental, and other techniques to interrogate specific impact mechanisms. 3. John Carlo Bertot, University of Maryland. John Bertot will discuss the survey methodologies that he has practiced in examining public computing in libraries since 1994 as well as the field methods that have complemented and extended that work. 4. Mia Lustria, Florida State University. Mia Lustria will talk about a 3-year grant to develop and evaluate a tailored reminder system to encourage breast cancer screening among rural, underprivileged women. Her work spans a multi-method approach including participatory approaches involving clinicians and potential beneficiaries in the design of the reminder system and a randomized controlled trial of the prototype in two rural communities in Florida. Endpoints include system use by clinicians, use of mammogram services as well as behavioral intentions of eligible patients. 5. Noriko Hara, Indiana University. Noriko Hara will discuss a comparative study that examines tacit knowledge transition in Japan, Singapore and Taiwan using quantitative surveys, qualitative interviews, social network analysis, and time diary. 6. Kate Williams, University of Illinois. Kate will describe and compare three studies: a case study of a Toledo community technology center, a repurposing and use of the federal TOP data, and a current multi-method study of Chicago branch libraries. This 90 minute session will allow up to 8-10 minutes for each speaker and 30-plus minutes for discussion. Follow-up may include correspondence with federal agencies to explore mechanisms for facilitating data flow and research.

<author> Caine, Kelly; Connelly, Kay; Hayes, Barbara; Kientz, Julie
<title> The Role of iSchools in Shaping the Future of Health Informatics
<abstract> In remarks to the National Academy of Sciences earlier this year President Obama discussed many of the proposed benefits of stimulating growth in health and medical informatics. He proposed that computerizing medical records would reduce duplication and waste, and would help to prevent errors that cost dollars and lives. He also noted that ìrecords hold the potential of offering patients the chance to be more active participants in prevention and treatmentî [1]. For this hope to become a reality, people need to be able to understand and use their own health information. Consumers of health care are increasingly being asked to take more responsibility for their health and pay a larger share of their health care bills. New digital tools are giving patients access to their own information and helping them interpret and act on that information. Nevertheless, there are many challenges in creating health information useful to consumers in understandable, usable, and actionable ways. Fortunately, many researchers in iSchools have already begun to address these challenges. In this roundtable discussion we will explore how iSchools can shape the future of Health Informatics research and practice. We will introduce many of the modern challenges in Health Informatics including: how practitioners and consumers may collect, transform, synthesize, analyze and act on health related information and discuss how iSchools are uniquely positioned to address these interdisciplinary challenges. In addition, we will consider how the International Medical Informatics Associationís [2] recommendations on education in health and medical informatics fit with the structure of iSchools. This session will also focus on the ways iSchools can best prepare students for careers as health informaticians. We will discuss differences between medical informatics (see [3] for a discussion of medical informatics within iSchools) and health informatics and also explore differences between informatics classes taught in medical and nursing programs and informatics classes taught within iSchools.

<author> Garcia-Murillo, Martha; Weiss, Martin; Renear, Allen H.
<title> Sharing experiences related to developing theories for the information field
<abstract> This roundtable will allow academics in information schools the opportunity to share their experiences on theory development, the tools and techniques that they have used to facilitate this theorizing process and the challenges that they face doing so.

<author> Reilly, Maeve; Rotolo, Anthony; Main, Sherry; Urban, Richard J.
<title> Social Networking and Long-Term Organizational Goals
<abstract> Social and new media tools have increased in popularity and accessibility over the past year and have become much more than social networks and entertainment sites. As students and the press alike come to rely on social media as a real-time information source, how can the iSchools integrate new media tools to create a seamless, integrated flow in both its communications and marketing as well as in its teaching and research tools?

<author> Ribes, David; Jackson, Steven
<title> Ethnographies of Large-Scale Systems: How to study distributed, emerging, and complex sociotechnical systems
<abstract> The rich and detailed "thick descriptions" produced by ethnographers have contributed to the understanding of human-computer interactions; meanings and cultures of the digital environment; and practices of technology use. Ethnography has traditionally focused on a site, geographically localized community or particular workplaces. However, in an increasingly computer mediated and networked world, ethnographers have had to adapt their methods, their sites of investigation and their objects of analysis. We have many ?shorthands? for these difficulties: distribution, scale, heterogeneous expertises, and multiple membership. Often these difficulties are precisely what our research attempts to address but only rarely do we give ourselves leeway to discuss how they affect our own practice. We have arranged this session to open and encourage discourse on the experiences, approaches and outcomes to ethnographic studies of large-scale systems. The four participants in this interactive panel will recount exemplary approaches in their study of large scale systems. Exemplars told as experiences, stories and narratives, are ideal devices for capturing and conveying the complexities of real world field experiences. These exemplars will serve as the material for an open discussion. Our participants were selected both for their diverse modes of interface with their objects of study and a shared commitment to ethnography and information systems. This includes a range of ?sites? stretching from funding and policy sphere, the activities of design and implementation, to studying actual use of production quality systems.

<author> Coward, Chris; Crandall, Mike; Becker, Samantha
<title> Impact of Community Technology Centers: Fishbowl Discussion of Methods and Findings
<abstract> Goals: The primary goal of this wildcard session will be to continue building an international community of iSchool researchers who focus on issues of information and communication technologies, public access computing, and international development.. A highly interdisciplinary, international group, the iSchool conference provides a unique venue for them to meet and share their common research interests, explore potential avenues for collaboration, and identify ways of further networking and disseminating their work. Topic: The Internet and computer technology have changed the way people live around the world. Governments, non-governmental institutions and entrepreneurs have invested significant amounts of human and financial resources in public libraries, telecenters, internet cafÈs, and other forms of public access. Due to resource constraints, shared access forms the dominant mode of access to these technologies in most developing countries. In the United States, virtually every library provides access (often free) to computers and the Internet. As a result, a large proportion of the world?s population has access to a place with computer and Internet resources ranging from basic connectivity to a suite of digital resources, databases, networked and virtual services, training, technical assistance, and trained staff. Despite these investments, however, we do not have clear evidence of the impacts of public access computing on the people who visit them and communities in which these centers operate. As a model, public access to ICTs has experienced success and failure, leading to both reinforcement of the belief that the model should be expanded and strengthened, as well as to claims that public access ICTs are ultimately ineffective. This wildcard continues discussion from the 2008 and 2009 iSchool Conferences on the growing research agenda around community technology. In 2008 Mike Crandall and Karen Fisher organized ?Let?s get wild: Building a national research and service agenda for community technologies and networking,? which drew over 60 participants and initiated a Wiki discussion that continued to 2009 wildcard organized by Clara Chu et al., which again drew participants from all ranks and built a strong iSchool community around technology and social change. This year?s community technology wildcard will focus on impact, specifically the research methods that are used to study forms of impact, the challenges inherent in doing so (particularly across different geographical, cultural and political landscapes), baseline indicators that can be shared across studies or applications to create metacategories, and how empirical findings have been (or can be) used to inform policy and decision-making, application design, and service delivery.

<author> Knight, Erin Beth; Gandomi, Nathan; Severance, Charles; Borgman, Christine; Kroner, George
<title> Next Generation Teaching and Learning ñ Technologies and Trends
<abstract> The landscape of teaching and learning has been radically shifted in the last 15 years by the advent of web technologies, which enabled the emergence of Learning Management Systems (LMS). These systems changed the educational paradigm by extending the classroom borders, capturing and persisting course content and giving instructors more flexibility and access to students and other resources. However, they also constrained and limited the evolution of teaching and learning by imposing a traditional, instructional framework. With the advent of Web 2.0 technologies, participation and collaboration have become predominant experiences on the Web. The teaching and learning community, as a whole, has been late to capitalize on these technologies in the classroom. Part of this trend is due to constraints in the technology (LMS), and part is due to the fact that participatory media tools require an additional shift in educational paradigms, from instructional, on-the-pulpit type of teaching, to a student-centered, adaptive environment where students can contribute to the course material and learn from one another. This panel will discuss the next generation of teaching and learning, involving more lightweight, modular systems to empower instructors to be flexible, explore new student-centered paradigms, and plug and play tools as needed. We will also discuss how the iSchools are and should be increasingly involved in studying these new forms, formulating best practices and supporting the needs of teachers as they move toward more collaborative learning environments.

<author> Kern, M. Kathleen; Radford, Marie L.; Sanchez, Joe; Mon, Lorri; Pomerantz, Jeffrey
<title> No more Lone Rangers: Setting the research and education agenda for collaborative information work in virtual environments
<abstract> In this Wild Card session, a team of facilitators will lead an open forum to formulate research and teaching agendas around the concern of collaborative information work.

<author> Im, Suzanne; Haykal, Aaisha Nafeesah; Takazawa, Aiko
<title> Teach, Learn, Engage: Reflections on Community Informatics Curriculum Development
<abstract> This paper describes the 2010 iConference wildcard that aims to discuss the expectations, development, and demands of Community Informatics curriculum in light of its status as an emerging area of study.
